 China's surging economy will grow by 9.3 percent this year, the government forecast Thursday, amid signs that efforts to tame the economic boom are failing to cap inflation. 
 Two Afghan militia soldiers and two police officers died when a dispute between the two groups spiraled out of control, an official said Saturday. 
 Three people died and about a dozen were injured on Saturday in three separate explosions in Baghdad, police and hospital sources said. 
 Russian lawmakers are considering a proposed law that would tighten restrictions on showing violence on television, a measure that critics warned could make everything from boxing matches to news coverage of terrorist attacks illegal. 
 Malaysian police are accusing an Indian woman of serving her husband a curry laced with sedatives before strangling him and burying his body in their backyard, news reports said Friday. 
 Militants launched attacks against two police stations in northern Mosul, killing at least six Iraqi National Guards and wounding three others, Iraqi officials said. 
 An appeals court on Thursday acquitted a dissident National Guard general accused of entering an off-limits security zone during an anti-government protest. 
 Austrian regulators have approved Siemens AG's bid to takeover engineering competitor VA Technologie AG, Austrian radio said Friday. 
 Street gangs torched cars and shot into the air Monday during the latest wave of sporadic violence gripping the Haitian capital. 
 Lawmakers and White House budget bargainers whittled their differences to a handful, fueling hopes Friday that Congress can speed an overdue $388 billion (euro298 billion) bill to President George W. Bush that finances most federal agencies. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing Democratic seats across the south. Democratic leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 Four senior Palestinian officials left the West Bank city of Ramallah on Monday to travel to Paris to visit ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. 
 Gold opened at US$421.55 an ounce on Wednesday in Hong Kong, down US$4.45 an ounce from Tuesday's close of US$426.00. 
 A customer survived a gunman's deadly rampage inside a Radio Shack store by dropping to the ground and then prayed aloud as the moans of his victims echoed around her, tapes of her call to emergency services showed Friday. 
 Spanish authorities will let the veteran Greek captain of the sunken oil tanker Prestige return to Greece as he awaits a possible trial on charges stemming from the November 2002 environmental catastrophe, officials said Tuesday. 
 High-profile broadcaster Paul Holmes, who gained notoriety for using a racial epithet in comments aimed at U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, quit his top-rating television current affairs show Tuesday. 
 Lawsuits seeking more than $400 billion (euro302 billion) in damages from U.S. corporations for victims of apartheid in South Africa were tossed out by a federal judge who said the claims bordered on the frivolous. 
 A charter plane carrying NBC Sports Chairman Dick Ebersol crashed and burst into flames during takeoff Sunday from a southwest Colorado airport, killing at least two people and seriously injuring Ebersol and one of his sons. Rescue crews were searching for another son. 
 North Korea threatened Tuesday to strengthen its "nuclear deterrent" to counter what it calls a U.S. plot to launch a nuclear war against the isolated communist state. 
 Finance Minister George Alogoskoufis admitted Monday that Greece joined the euro after submitting inaccurate data, but EU officials said there was no danger of the nation being expelled from Europe's common currency. 
 Ukrainian troops captured two Iraqi insurgents after an abortive guerrilla raid on a checkpoint in south-central Iraq, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry said Thursday. 
 The top official in a southern state that's home to India's technology hub promised Monday to improve Bangalore's battered infrastructure, making life easier for the hundreds of American and European companies with offices in the city. 
 Hezbollah's leader on Friday said guerrillas who earlier in the week sent an unmanned reconnaissance drone into northern Israel are capable of bombing Israeli targets from the air with the aircraft. 
 A 35-year-old man who held a woman and five children hostage was arrested Tuesday in the apartment where he barricaded himself for nearly 24 hours, police said. None of his hostages were injured. 
 Former President Alberto Fujimori is on a watch list barring his entry to the United States because of allegation of corruption and abuse during his decade-long authoritarian regime, a U.S. diplomatic official said. 
 The Chicago Symphony Orchestra and the union that represents its musicians have reached a tentative agreement on a new contract. 
 Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell Group opened court action Monday following announcement of a general strike targeting crude exports in the world's No. 7 oil exporter _ but failed to win an interim injunction against oil workers and unions. 
 The Palestinian parliament speaker was sworn in as temporary president of the Palestinian Authority on Thursday, assuming one of Yasser Arafat's three top jobs. 
 Police drove through a Darfur camp for displaced people on Wednesday, smashing makeshift homes with their trucks, a UN spokesman and Amnesty International said. 
 Scientists flooded the Grand Canyon on Sunday to restore beaches and save fish and plants that have been disappearing since sediment-free water began flowing from a man-made dam 40 years ago. 
 Dutch investigators have concluded that a prominent Indonesian human rights activist who died on a flight to Amsterdam was fatally poisoned, police said Friday. 
 Colin Powell's successor as U.S. secretary of state will be greeted by a tall stack of foreign policy problems, with Iraq looming largest among them. 
 The dollar changed little against the euro in quiet Veterans' Day trading Thursday, remaining well off the all-time low it touched against the single currency on Wednesday. 
 The International Energy Agency on Tuesday urged major Asian economies to work together to develop oil and natural gas fields in Siberia, and said it was willing to act as a go-between. 
 Yasser Arafat, who triumphantly forced his people's plight into the world spotlight but failed to achieve his lifelong quest for Palestinian statehood, died Thursday at age 75. 
 Bulldozers shove sand into a 4-meter-high barrier along Syria's remote border with Iraq, where authorities say round-the-clock patrols and new observation posts are stopping foreign fighters flowing into Iraq. 
 Three-time Japan Series champion Daiei Hawks will be sold by troubled retailer Daiei Inc. to Japanese Internet service provider Softbank Corp. for 5 billion yen (US$48.5 million; euro36.61 million), becoming the second Net company to buy into Japan's professional baseball league this year. 
 An atomic icebreaker that has been under construction for 15 years caught fire Tuesday at the Baltiysky shipbuilding plant in the northern Russian port of St. Petersburg. No casualties were reported. 
 EDITOR'S NOTE _ President Bush has outlined an ambitious agenda for his second term, from bringing stability to Iraq to simplifying tax laws. This is one of a series of stories examining the specifics of his proposals. 
 Singapore on Wednesday slammed a media watchdog for ranking the island in the same league as authoritarian North Korea and Myanmar in press freedom, saying outsiders shouldn't equate freedom with criticizing the government. 
 Alexei Kovalev has agreed to play in his native Russia for AK Bars Kazan, becoming the latest National Hockey League player to join a European team during the North American league's lockout. 
 Jacques Santini quit as Tottenham manager on Friday for personal reasons after five months and 13 matches in charge. 
 Kurt Busch is still leading the Nextel Cup points race and feeling fortunate. 
 Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi arrived Tuesday in Moscow for talks with President Vladimir Putin and other top Russian officials on energy cooperation, security issues and Russian-European Union relations. 
 Scrumhalf Agustin Pichot was recalled to lead Argentina for the first time since the 2003 World Cup in a rugby union test against unbeaten France on Saturday. 
 Supporters of a political party and a Sunni Muslim group exchanged gunfire in the southern Pakistani city of Karachi on Wednesday, leaving three people dead and five injured, police said. 
 Christian Vieri scored a first-half equalizer and Alvaro Recoba and Julio Ricardo Cruz added second-half goals Sunday to rally Inter Milan to 3-1 Italian Cup victory over Bologna. 
 Israel suspended arms sales to the Ivory Coast at the request of France following the death of nine French peacekeeping troops in the African country, the Defense Ministry announced Tuesday. 
 One man died and nearly 40 people were injured Sunday when gang members angered by the killing of a suspected drug lord fired into a crowd gathered for a dance, authorities said. 
 Mexican league leader Veracruz failed to show up for its match against visiting Chiapas on Sunday, automatically forfeiting 2-0. The team will also have to pay a US$4,100 (euro3,560) fine. 
 Sudan's government has expressed optimism on reaching a long-term political solution to crisis in its Darfur region after listening to a rebel group's proposals. 
 Militia fighters clashed with army units in Congo's volatile east, forcing at least 2,000 people to flee, officials said Friday. 
 A former British spy credited with using his cover as a passport officer to save thousands of Jews from Nazi Germany was honored as "a true British hero" Wednesday at his country's embassy in Berlin. 
 The Supreme Court on Thursday rejected the appeal of an evicted farmer in what was seen as a test case for President Robert Mugabe's controversial fast track program for confiscating mostly white-owned farms. 
 New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg will travel to Croatia on Friday to present the city's bid for the 2012 Olympics to a group of European Olympic officials. 
 Tokyo stocks rose slightly Wednesday morning as investors bought construction and banking issues following losses in the last two sessions. The U.S. dollar was up against the Japanese yen. 
 Antonio Cassano was left off AS Roma's roster for Wednesday's Champions League match against Bayer Leverkusen in another sign of the growing divide between the volatile striker and new coach Luigi Del Neri. 
 MTV will launch a channel in sub-Saharan Africa in February, crossing the last major frontier to become a global presence, network officials announced Monday, 
 A homeless man who robbed a gas station so he could be arrested and avoid spending a night on the streets got more than he bargained for Friday when he was given a four-year prison sentence. 
 Gerald Wallace slid face-first off the court after a hard foul, popped back up and looked at the scoreboard. He wasn't seeing things _ the Charlotte Bobcats really were on their way to the first win in franchise history. 
 Tests on Yasser Arafat showed problems with his digestion, but the Palestinian leader has recovered sufficiently for him to undergo further examinations that could not be performed when he was first rushed to France, an aide said. 
 Mexican stocks closed lower Monday as investors took some profits after a recent string of record high closes. 
 Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams said Sunday he has asked U.S. President George W. Bush to be ready to offer unspecified help in pushing forward a possible new peace deal in Northern Ireland. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $442.60 per troy ounce Thursday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $444.80 late Wednesday. 
 Romanian authorities destroyed more than 150,000 pirated CDs, DVDS and videos, crushing them with a bulldozer in the middle of a bustling marketplace. 
 An Uzbek opposition party announced Saturday it would boycott next month's parliament vote, blasting the government for its failure to embrace democracy and calling on the international community to ignore the election entirely. 
 Iraqi police said Wednesday a Lebanese American contractor was kidnapped overnight from his Baghdad home. 
 Cingular Wireless LLC will begin deploying a speedier wireless Internet service next year, a move made possible by the network capacity gained with the recent acquisition of AT&T Wireless as Cingular tries to catch up with to catch up with rivals led by Verizon Wireless. 
 India's Hetero Drugs is withdrawing six of its generic versions of antiretroviral drugs from the World Health Organization's list of approved HIV medicines, saying it is not certain they are biologically the same as the patented drugs. 
 Tottenham midfielder Sean Davis will be sidelined for two to three months after having knee surgery, manager Jacques Santini said Thursday. 
 Laura Diaz closed with three birdies for a 5-under 67 to take a two-stroke lead after two rounds of the LPGA Tournament of Champions on Friday. 
 For the second time in a week, Sudanese government troops took steps to forcibly remove residents from a displaced persons camp in Darfur, the State Department said. 
 Today is Friday, November 12, the 316th day of 2004. There are 49 days left in the year. 
 Passengers stopped a charter bus from plunging nearly 60 meters (200 feet) off a bridge after the driver collapsed, apparently from a heart attack. 
 Adidas is recalling about 187,000 pairs of basketball shoes because the sole of the heel can tear or separate during use, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said Wednesday. 
 NASCAR chairman Brian France will keep the new points system in place for next year, satisfied that the closest championship race in history is proof that the 10-race playoff structure works better than expected. 
 NATO chief Jaap de Hoop Scheffer on Wednesday congratulated Hamid Karzai on his election as Afghanistan's president, and said the alliance stood ready to help the Afghan leader stabilize his country. 
 A reference book that offers a complete listing of Nobel laureate Elfriede Jelinek's works will go on sale next week, a publisher said. 
 State oil company Sonangol said Friday it has refused to renew some of French oil giant Total's offshore production licenses. 
 An outbreak of E. coli infections linked to a fair may be larger than previously thought, with more than 100 additional cases under review, health officials said Saturday. 
 The jury that convicted Scott Peterson of murder reconvenes this week to decide whether he should be executed, but the decision may not be final for years given his numerous options for appeal. 
 Romania's broadcasting watchdog admonished the state television station Friday for failing to intervene when a presidential candidate said the U.S. Embassy was "a nest of pedophiles." 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Monday that all the gunmen who attacked a police station in Haditha and killed policemen were all foreigners. 
 Gen. Milan Cerovsky, the chief of staff of Slovakia's armed forces, plans to retire by the end of this year, two years before his second term expires, the TASR news agency reported Tuesday. 
 A Palestinian who was filmed playing his violin in front of troops at a West Bank roadblock was not forced to do so by the soldiers, the military said Tuesday, but the musician insisted he was. 
 Sudan and Darfur rebels have signed fresh accords to end hostilities and guarantee aid groups' access to 1.6 million people uprooted by conflict in Sudan's bloodied western region of Darfur. 
 Yasser Arafat's nephew plans to collect the Palestinian leader's medical records Monday, but faces an objection from Arafat's widow, whose lawyers insisted only she has legal rights to the file. 
 The first public trial of Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman fell apart on Monday as the second of the three judges presiding over the case stepped down citing a conflict of interest. 
 Republicans extended their decade-long hold on the House of Representatives for another two years, knocking off four veteran Texas Democrats along the way. Among their few setbacks was the defeat of the longest serving Republican member of the chamber, Rep. Phil Crane. 
 Ask a few contemporary artists to pay homage to Michelangelo's David, and you get some surprises: A sculpture of a severed foot. A maze of metal sheets. A video of David morphing into a black woman and a middle-aged man. 
 Malaysia will outlaw all begging after discovering that some vagrants continued to panhandle despite having thousands of ringgit stashed away, thanks to donations from a generous public, news reports said Tuesday. 
 Saudi religious scholars urged Iraqis to support militants waging holy war against the U.S.-led coalition forces in a call posted on the Internet Saturday as American troops prepared for a major assault on the insurgent hotbed of Fallujah. 
 Three days before the presidential election in Ukraine, the White House said the initial round of voting did not meet a "basic test" of a truly democratic process and that the government should ensure Sunday's balloting is better. 
 A leading Sunni Muslim association called on Iraqi soldiers Monday not to obey orders of the "occupation forces" as U.S. and government forces launched an all-out offensive against the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 Twenty-four suspected Islamic militants jailed in Malaysian are pleading with the government to free them during the current Muslim holy month, human rights activists said Monday. 
 A Haitian priest known for his support of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide was freed from jail after being held for nearly seven weeks on suspicion of links to violence. 
 Fears of terror attacks competed in voters' minds with pocketbook concerns, Associated Press exit polls found _ and the rival worries kept Tuesday's race between President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry close. 
 U.S. Marines charged up the stairs in one of Fallujah's grandest buildings Saturday, seeking the high ground in their battle with insurgents. There, they found three foreign men lying in wait. 
 1, James Toney. 2, Hasim Rahman. 3, Monte Barrett. 4, Owen Beck, Jamaica. 5, Kali Meehan, Australia. 6, Oleg Maskaev, Uzbekistan. 7, Danny Williams, Britain. 8, Faruq Saleem. 9, Corrie Sanders, South Africa. 10, Luan Krasniqi, Germany. 
 African leaders ended an emergency summit Sunday on Ivory Coast agreeing to support an arms embargo, other proposed U.N. sanctions against the Ivory Coast government and rebels. 
 A top Islamic cleric said Tuesday he was rushing to Yasser Arafat's bedside at the request of Palestinian officials. 
 The All Blacks will play a one-off test against Fiji on June 10 to open their 2005 season, the New Zealand Rugby Union said Thursday. 
 World Cup Nordic Combined champion Hannu Manninen of Finland again showed his prowess on the ski track to win the one-jump and 7.5-kilometer sprint event from Todd Lodwick of the United States on Sunday. 
 He scores plenty of goals. His attitude toward playing for his country is much better than it once was and he works hard for his club, Manchester City. 
 Serbian basketball player Milan Gurovic was banned from entering Croatia because of a nationalist tattoo on his arm, his club Partizan Belgrade and Croatian authorities said Saturday. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu outmuscled Mongolian compatriot Kyokushuzan on Monday to remain undefeated and in the lead after the ninth day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Kosovo's U.N. administrator pledged Thursday to improve security in the trouble-prone province and urged Serbs to return to Kosovo institutions despite their boycott of recent general elections. 
 Pirate attacks worldwide in the first nine months of 2004 dropped to their lowest levels in five years, helped by declines in hotspots such as Indonesia, Bangladesh and Nigeria, a maritime group said Thursday. 
 The theme from "Rocky" blares from a rickety white van that David Timothy calls his "SoupMobile." 
 Police say they will file murder charges against Sao Caetano club officials for the death of defender Serginho, who collapsed on the field and died of heart failure last month. 
 A month after a hotel worker accused NBA star Kobe Bryant of rape, she allegedly told a friend that she was considering suing him in civil court and planned to use any money she won for breast implants, a koala and opening a recording studio. 
 The government said Thursday it is purchasing 75 million doses of a new generation anthrax vaccine under an $877.5 million (euro682 million) contract _ the first awarded through a federal program to develop and stockpile antidotes to biological and chemical weapons. 
 The United States and Australia prevailed in an interim ruling by the World Trade Organization in a dispute over protection given by the European Union to its regional goods such as Champagne wine and Feta cheese, trade officials said Thursday. 
 Rwanda's President Paul Kagame said Saturday that he has not ruled out sending troops to eastern Congo if Hutu rebels continue to threaten his country. 
 New Zealand posted a 1.01 billion New Zealand dollar (US$698 million; euros 542 million) trade deficit in September _ the second largest on record, new figures showed Friday. 
 Robert Crotteau and his son Joseph, who worked together and spent much of their free time enjoying the outdoors together, were mourned together Saturday, days after both were killed in a confrontation with a hunter trespassing on their land. 
 North Korea will need food aid for more than 6 million people next year, as a harvest shortfall and soaring prices in fledgling private markets leave most families unable to get enough to eat, U.N. agencies said Tuesday. 
 Some of Britain's biggest pop stars gathered Sunday to record a new version of the hugely successful 1984 fund-raising hit "Do They Know It's Christmas?," being re-released this year to benefit victims of violence in Sudan. 
 China, Ukraine and Russia are the worst offenders for producing pirated copies of goods ranging from handbags and faucets to cars, the European Union's trade chief said Wednesday, urging them to crackdown on counterfeiters or face possible sanctions. 
 Provisional ballots, a presidential wild card in battleground Ohio, are part of the national election reforms prompted by the election meltdown in Florida four years ago. 
 Peggy Ryan, who teamed with dance partner Donald O'Connor in movie musicals such as "This Is the Life" and "When Johnny Comes Marching Home," has died at age 80. 
 Ukrainian pop star Ruslana Lezhychko has reportedly ended the hunger strike she began in support of opposition candidate Viktor Yuschenko's claim to her country's presidency, citing "positive developments" in the week-old political crisis. 
 Delta Air Lines Inc. released new details Friday on the up to 6,900 jobs it plans to eliminate starting Jan. 1. 
 People looking for a way to lose weight may want to trade in pills for a pooch. 
 Multiple explosions rumbled across the capital of Baghdad Saturday after night fell. 
 Authorities dropped an assault charge filed against the lead singer of Australian rock band The Vines after his lawyers said he has Asperger's syndrome, according to reports Saturday. 
 A Romanian soldier was slightly injured in an attack on a military base in Baghdad, the Defense Ministry said Sunday. 
 Yasser Arafat's wife lashed out at his top lieutenants due to arrive Monday in Paris, accusing them of seeking to "bury" him "alive" in a furious call to Al-Jazeera television from her husband's bedside. 
 Israeli TV on Thursday cited sources as saying Yasser Arafat has died, but top Palstinian officials denied the report. 
 Russia is developing a new nuclear missile system unlike any weapon held by other nuclear powers, President Vladimir Putin said, in a move that could serve as a signal to the United States as Washington pushes forward with a missile defense system. 
 Australia's ace spinner Shane Warne on Tuesday was ruled out of the fourth and final test match against India after fracturing his right thumb while batting at the nets. 
 Wall Street struggled to maintain its rally for a ninth straight session Friday, as enthusiasm over the latest government payroll report was tempered by the possibility of higher inflation, leaving stocks mixed. 
 The Bush administration served official notice Friday that it will appeal a judge's ruling that stopped proceedings in the first trial by a military commission of an alleged al-Qaida member. 
 Sen. John McCain said Sunday he is not ruling out a run for the 2008 U.S. presidential nomination, but that he is not a candidate now. 
 The Netherlands beat Germany 2-0 to win the Women's Champions Trophy on Sunday and earned some compensation for losing their gold-medal showdown at the Athens Olympics. 
 Iraq's government television station has broadcast confessions of what it said were Arab and foreign terrorists who infiltrated across the country's porous borders to fight against U.S.-led coalition forces. 
 Weekslong flooding in an underground depot of Serbia's National Library has damaged over 1,000 books and is threatening thousands more, head of the library warned Wednesday. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.10 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 3 p.m. (0600 GMT) Friday, down 0.24 yen from late Thursday. 
 Violent clashes in a village in central China killed seven people and injured 42, the government said late Monday in its first official announcement on the fighting. 
 A wide-eyed boy in a cozy blue robe and proper yellow pajamas has his hope and faith tested in the book "The Polar Express." 
 President George W. Bush said Wednesday he is hopeful about Mideast peacemaking after ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat gives way to a new leadership. 
 Filipinos continue to slip into Iraq in search of work despite a ban by the Philippine government, the Department of Foreign Affairs said Tuesday, as news came in that another Filipino has been kidnapped. 
 ACE Ltd. on Thursday became the latest insurance company to announce changes in its business practices in response to the industry probe launched by New York's attorney general. 
 Thousands of Congolese troops backed by U.N. peacekeepers were taking up new positions in lawless east Congo on Tuesday, part of drive to stabilize the area and disarm former Rwandan rebels there. 
 Worshippers in the Gulf region thronged to mosques at dawn Saturday and prepared lavish meals to welcome the start of the three-day Eid el-Fitr holiday that ends the holy fasting month of Ramadan. 
 Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is expected to be given a drug ban of several months when he appears before a Football Association hearing on Thursday. 
 More than 98 percent of British beaches and bathing spots met European water quality standards, despite an increase in pollution caused by heavy summer rain, a government agency said Tuesday. 
 Former Belgian international goalkeeper Francky Vandendriessche said Tuesday his positive test for a banned substance was caused by medical treatment to his back and he expected to be exonerated. 
 For more than 100 years, French families have made their homes in this tropical country, rich in coffee and cocoa. Its main city, with its towering skyscrapers, crisp croissants and fine wines, became known as the Paris of West Africa. 
 Top-ranked Roger Federer of Switzerland returned to action after missing three weeks with a torn thigh muscle and defeated Gaston Gaudio of Argentina 6-1, 7-6 (4) in the first round of the ATP Masters Cup championships Monday. 
 For those who envision the ancient world of sculpture as a monotonous palette of muted grays, the Vatican Museums are offering an eye-opening exhibit on how the ancients viewed their art _ in dazzling and rich shades of greens, ochres and blues. 
 Forward Magnus Kahnberg scored Sweden's third penalty for a 3-2 overtime victory over the Czech Republic in the four-nation Karjala Tournament on Saturday. 
 Crude-oil futures finished a volatile session higher Wednesday, with the front-month December contract settling above $50 a barrel. 
 The former chief executives of the Lincoln Park dog track and its British parent company, Wembley PLC, entered another round of innocent pleas Monday, as they were indicted again on charges connected to an alleged bribery scheme. 
 A prominent group of foreign observers said Monday that Ukraine's presidential election did not meet European standards for democracy. 
 An ally of presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko said Wednesday that the opposition is ready to hold talks with President Leonid Kuchma only about the peaceful transfer of power to Yushchenko. 
 Touting tofu chowder and vegetarian sushi as alternatives, animal-rights activists have launched a novel campaign arguing that fish _ contrary to stereotype _ are intelligent, sensitive animals no more deserving of being eaten than a pet dog or cat. 
 A Russian man working in Bangladesh has died of suspected alcohol poisoning, the third foreign victim of allegedly toxic liquor, a Russian Embassy official said Sunday. 
 A military assault is the wrong way to end the insurgency in Fallujah and a bloodbath is exactly what Saddam Hussein followers and foreign fighters want, Iraq's Interim President Ghazi al-Yawer was quoted as saying in an interview published Monday. 
 The mayor of Bulgaria's capital on Monday warned that the country could suffer huge losses if cargo traffic stops traveling through it because protesters have blocked the road. 
 Paul Otellini, a 30-year Intel Corp. veteran who oversaw the launch of the Pentium processor in the 1990s, will replace chief executive Craig Barrett when he steps aside to become chairman in May, the chip giant's board of directors announced Thursday. 
 North Korean officials have removed portraits of leader Kim Jong Il from some public buildings, a dramatic change in a reclusive nation that has clung to totalitarian rule for more than half a century. 
 Jan Ullrich is sorry to see one time trial dropped from next year's Tour de France and is not concerned about whether six-time winner Lance Armstrong decides to race again. 
 The ice is melting and the heat is on for international delegates assembling in Buenos Aires next week to find new ways to confront global warming under the 194-nation treaty on climate change. 
 Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo _ whose 1999 election ended junta rule in Africa's most populous nation _ will not seek a third term, his political adviser said Tuesday. 
 Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu will be barred from playing anywhere in the world after a seven-month English ban for doping offenses was ratified Friday by world soccer's governing body. 
 A gunfight between police and Muslim refugees from Myanmar left dozens wounded Thursday in Bangladesh, an official said. 
 Arsenal will be looking to end its string of draws in the Champions League and push PSV from top spot in Group E with a big win in Eindhoven Wednesday, while a draw would guarantee the Dutch advance to the second round. 
 Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou were charged Thursday with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the Athens Olympics and faking a motorcycle accident hours later. 
 France retained the same side which beat Australia 27-14 last weekend to play Argentina in a rugby union test in Marseille on Saturday. 
 Gold bullion opened Friday at a bid price of US$442.10 a troy ounce, up from US$441.90 late Thursday. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair faced growing accusations Wednesday that his government is playing politics with fear and using the threat of terrorism to boost its chances of re-election. 
 An accountant for a science foundation run by China's Cabinet was sentenced to death Tuesday for embezzling more than 200 million yuan (US$25 million; euro 19 million), the government said. 
 The Dutch secret service is too underfunded to meet the new demands of fighting Islamic terrorism and perform its other duties, said a report by a special commission released Tuesday. 
 The U.S. dollar hit a new all-time low Tuesday against the euro, which rose to US$1.3085 amid persistent concerns about the U.S. trade and budget deficits. 
 Foreign and Afghan security forces raided houses in downtown Kabul early Monday, smashing their way in and detaining several men, officials and witnesses said. 
 Britons traveled further afield in the last year, while more tourists from abroad chose to visit Britain, a government agency said Wednesday. 
 A radio talk show host drew criticism after calling Condoleezza Rice an "Aunt Jemima" and saying she isn't competent to be secretary of state. 
 A former Philip Morris USA scientist plans to testify that the tobacco giant failed to tell smokers that a change to Merit cigarettes four years ago caused chunks of burning ash to fall off, presenting a potential safety hazard. 
 Indian captain Saurav Ganguly won the toss and elected to bat first in Saturday's limited-overs international against Pakistan at the Eden Gardens. 
 A major Austrian narcotics ring dubbed the "Grandpa Gang" because of the advanced age of its members sold about euro5.2 million (US$6.6 million) worth of drugs in recent years, police said Monday. 
 Bryan Robson is returning to West Bromwich Albion after a 23-year absence. 
 Brazil's central bank said Saturday it took over the operations of Banco Santos because of the bank's struggling financial situation. 
 Italy coach Marcello Lippi named a squad devoid of nearly all of his top players for a friendly against Finland on Wednesday in Messina, Sicily. 
 The Iraqi government Tuesday announced three days of mourning for Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the president of the United Arab Emirates, whose death was announced earlier in the day. 
 Hunting for terror chief Osama bin Laden is like "looking for a needle in a haystack" and, even if he is captured, his removal will have minimal impact on the war against terrorism, France's defense minister said Monday. 
 Iraqi National Guardsmen backed by U.S. troops stormed a Sunni mosque Monday and arrested a member of a Sunni clerical group which has called for a boycott of the Jan. 30 election, an associate said. 
 The protesters who objected to U.S. President George W. Bush's visit Monday were far outnumbered by Colombians thankful for Washington's aid in combating drug trafficking and guerrillas. 
 Real Salt Lake obtained its first player in Major League Soccer on Wednesday, trading for Dallas forward Jason Kreis in exchange for future considerations. 
 Thousands of Palestinian refugees poured into the streets of their southern Lebanon camps Tuesday night, with many vowing to hold all night vigils for their leader, Yasser Arafat, who his top aides say remain on life support at a French hospital. 
 Two civilians were killed and three others injured Thursday when a roadside bomb exploded in the center of a northern Iraqi town, officials said. 
 A man holding a candy box made to look like a bomb held three people hostage for over an hour at a bank in Siberia on Saturday before releasing them unharmed following negotiations, the ITAR-Tass news agency reported. It turned out the box contained no explosives. 
 French insurance giant AXA SA posted a dip in third-quarter revenue on Wednesday, saying the strong euro and lower savings premiums had hurt its business in 2004. 
 Kurt Busch has been doing everything right in his bid for his first Nextel Cup championship. He now has one big hurdle to clear entering Sunday's Ford 400. 
 American striker DaMarcus Beasley scored early in the first half as PSV Eindhoven beat Rosenborg 1-0 in their Champions League Group E game and closed in on a place in the knockout phase. 
 President Alvaro Uribe said Thursday that when George W. Bush visits Colombia next week he will ask the U.S. president to maintain an expensive, anti-drug aid package to the country beyond its expiration date in 2005. 
 Stocks rose slightly Monday as pre-election jitters kept Wall Street off-balance and investors sorted through a mix of economic data. The market also welcomed falling oil prices that sent crude futures below $50 per barrel. 
 The same day Dutch mourners gathered outside a crematorium for a final goodbye to slain filmmaker Theo van Gogh, police on the other side of the world made a horrific discovery in a hut: the decapitated body of a Thai laborer. 
 Japan's military on Thursday shadowed an unidentified submarine that entered its territorial waters the day before, but officials said they had not yet figured out what country the intruder was from. 
 BEIIRUT, Lebanon _ Their Iraqi kidnappers accused them of spying for Israel, then collaborating with the Americans. A makeshift Islamic "court" voted against executing them and opted for demanding a ransom. But by the end of the 39-day ordeal, the kidnappers were genuinely concerned for their welfare, two Lebanese former hostages said Friday. 
 Prime Minister Hari Kostov's resignation has fueled a political crisis in Macedonia, where ethnic tensions already are running high, an opposition leader said Tuesday. 
 Hero or villain, statesman or terrorist _ Yasser Arafat proved as divisive in death as he was in life. Leaders around the world on Thursday saluted his devotion to the Palestinian cause as several Arab nations declared days of mourning. But U.S. President George W. Bush said only that Arafat's death was "a significant moment in Palestinian history," and many Israelis expressed satisfaction at his passing. 
 Today is Monday, November 22, the 326th day of 2004. There are 39 days left in the year. 
 German President Horst Koehler gave a pair of prestigious Zeiss binoculars to Estonian President Arnold Ruutel on start of his tour of the Baltic nation, and prepared to meet with the country's prime minister Wednesday to discuss Estonia's new ties to Europe. 
 German mail and package delivery company Deutsche Post's supervisory board decided Saturday to extend the contract of CEO Klaus Zumwinkel by four years. 
 Widening the growing global Anglican rift over homosexuality, Anglican bishops in Africa said Monday they would stop theological training of African clergy in Western institutions. 
 The U.S. military said Tuesday it was searching for six Americans who were aboard an aircraft that went missing over Afghanistan. 
 A mother under police investigation for the deaths of three of her children in as many years told an Australian news network Tuesday that the tragedies could be blamed on fate. 
 Australia is ready to begin a new debate on dropping Britain's queen as head of state, despite the recent re-election of staunchly monarchist Prime Minister John Howard, lobbyists said. 
 Another costly blunder by Oliver Kahn has revived the debate on who should become Germany's No. 1 goalkeeper ahead of the 2006 World Cup. 
 Like a lot of frequent travelers, Kevin Pollard relies on the Internet to save money on airfares, hotel rooms and rental cars. The quest generally took him to the Web's most popular travel sites _ Orbitz, Travelocity and Expedia _ until he discovered a new breed of specialty search engines that promise to dig up even better bargains. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair, seeking to repair strained ties between the United States and Europe, urged Washington to reach out to its allies and not depend on military force alone in the global fight against terrorism. 
 Premier Silvio Berlusconi's conservative government boasted Wednesday it was making good on tax breaks promised to voters, but International Monetary Fund inspectors cautioned Italy that it should cut its deficit first. 
 The leader of Ohio's largest mosque entered a low-security prison where he is expected to serve two months for lying about connections to terrorist groups. 
 Poland is committed to keeping its troops in Iraq, but is actively looking for ways to reduce its presence there and hopes that the re-elected U.S. administration is clearer in voicing its ambitions for Iraq in the future, Poland's parliament speaker said Monday. 
 Forty-three members of a Cuban dance troupe performing at a Las Vegas casino asked for asylum in the United States in the one of the biggest mass defections of entertainers from the communist country. 
 Insurgents attacked British troops at a checkpoint in central Iraq, killing three and wounding eight in a suicide bomb and mortar barrage aimed at soldiers sent to the high-risk area to free U.S. forces for an assault on the militant stronghold Fallujah. 
 Japan's prime minister said Wednesday he wants his nation's troops to continue their reconstruction work in southern Iraq, but stopped short of saying he would extend their deployment past their December deadline amid fears of escalating violence. 
 The European Union said Friday its system of protecting names for regionally produced foods such as Champagne and Parma ham was strengthened by an initial ruling from the World Trade Organization. 
 The pilot of a private jet was warned the plane was flying low just before it crashed en route to a scheduled landing in Houston to pick up former President George H.W. Bush, a federal investigator said. 
 Official returns from more than 90 percent of precincts have widened Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych's narrow lead in Ukraine's bitterly fought presidential election runoff, and Western-leaning opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko accused authorities of fraud. 
 The chief organizer of the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics may not be quitting after all. 
 Actor Ed Kemmer, who played the intrepid Cmdr. Buzz Corry in the popular 1950s children's television show "Space Patrol" before becoming a regular on daytime soap operas, has died. He was 84. 
 "Much more" than 500 people have been wounded in clashes in Ivory Coast's largest city, and loyalist mobs are blocking efforts to tend to the injured, a Red Cross official said Monday. 
 Capital One Financial Corp. said Wednesday it agreed to acquire HFS Group, a privately held British home-equity-loan broker, for $117 million (euro91.74 million). 
 Germany's fragile recovery slowed in the third quarter as exports slipped, with Europe's biggest economy growing by just 0.1 percent, according to government figures released Thursday that underlined concerns over high oil prices and the strong euro. 
 The United States and other opponents of human cloning shelved their bid Friday for a U.N. treaty to ban the controversial procedure, unable to overcome opposition by nations seeking to allow cloning for embryonic stem cell research. 
 Glenn McGrath tormented New Zealand with bat and ball and Shane Warne took four wickets Sunday as Australia won by an innings and 156 runs to take a 1-0 lead in the two-test cricket series. 
 Crude oil futures fell Tuesday after moving above $47 a barrel in intraday trading. 
 As many as 260,000 Mexicans have the HIV virus, but the official number of cases remains far lower because thousands of those infected don't know they have it, the country's top HIV-AIDS expert said Wednesday. 
 Annika Sorenstam matched Laura Davies' LPGA Tour record for consecutive victories in a tournament Sunday, closing with a 7-under 65 for her fourth straight Mizuno Classic title. 
 Brazil's defense minister resigned Thursday, less than three weeks after a scandal broke over military repression and torture during the country's 1964-85 dictatorship. 
 Intel Corp., the world's largest computer-chip maker, Wednesday said it doubled its dividend for the second time this year. 
 The failing health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is an opportunity for President George W. Bush to help broker a peace accord in the Middle East, Arizona Sen. John McCain said. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Cazenove Group PLC said Friday they were launching a joint venture to combine their investment banking services for British customers. 
 China remains cautious on issuing licenses for third-generation mobile phone services, state media reported Wednesday, as officials denied that recent tests showed a homegrown version of the technology lags behind. 
 A millionaire New Zealand businessman implicated in a major racehorse doping investigation was found dead at his home near Christchurch, police said Monday. 
 Norway's capital could not have been further removed from the chaos and bloodshed of the Middle East. Yet it was as a result of top-secret meetings here that two veteran warriors decided it was time to talk peace. 
 Pakistan claimed credit Monday for a drop in the number of Islamic militants who are sneaking from its territory into Indian-controlled Kashmir to take part in the insurgency there. 
 Englishmen Paul Casey and Luke Donald surged to a five-stroke lead in the second round of the team World Cup, shooting an 8-under-par 64 for a two-round total of 19-under 125 on Friday. 
 The European Union pledged euro51 million in humanitarian aid for Sudan on Sunday to help avert a "major food crisis" brewing in the troubled Darfur region due to continuing hostilities. 
 Dutch forces in black masks overpowered two armed terrorist suspects after a 15-hour standoff in a working-class district in The Hague, underscoring Dutch concerns that global terrorism is spreading into this normally peaceful corner of Europe. 
 Smokers could be refused a lift by London cab drivers under new regulations announced by the city's mayor Tuesday. 
 European stocks ended higher Monday, as investors welcomed a late pullback in the oil price and heavyweight mining stocks rebounded from last week's losses. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled U.S. immigration reforms, saying they would strengthen border security and help the economy. 
 Osama bin Laden's vow to bleed America to bankruptcy at a time when the economy is a major issue in the U.S. presidential campaign shows he's a close student of the United States, as well as a strategist bent on getting the most impact from his words as well as his attacks. 
 Martin M. Kaplan, a pioneering health researcher and former secretary-general of the Nobel Peace Prize-winning Pugwash conferences on disarmament, has died, family members said Tuesday. He was 89. 
 President George W. Bush said Friday he'll carry a message of shared values and goals to Europe during a trip planned after his inauguration, reaching out to those dismayed by the Iraq war and what they see as a go-it-alone foreign policy. 
 Bulgaria's infantry battalion in Iraq has been relocated to a new position amid tight security measures, the Defense Ministry said on Monday. 
 Australian nickel miner WMC Resources will explore for nickel and copper in western China in a joint venture with China's Jinchuan Group, the companies said Friday. 
 Sri Lankan captain Marvan Atapattu was disappointed to lose the toss as Pakistan recorded a six-wicket win in the second test and leveled the two-match series Monday. 
 Suez Canal revenues broke a monthly record in October and are heading toward an annual record of US$3 billion for 2004, according to the chairman of the Suez Canal Authority. 
 Director Placido Domingo announced Wednesday he will conduct the first of six productions for the 50th anniversary season of what is now the Washington National Opera and will sing top roles in three acts taken from other works in a series of special performances. 
 Flamengo fired coach Ricardo Gomes on Monday, two days after the team lost to Juventude and slipped closer to relegation to the second division. 
 Middle East states and the powerful G-8 nations are urging the international community to help protect United Nations personnel in Iraq ahead of January elections to be supervised by the world body, according to a draft of the final statement of a global conference scheduled in Egypt next week. 
 Nine people have sued the manufacturer of a nasal spray, alleging that it caused them to permanently lose their sense of smell. 
 Defense stocks jumped higher Wednesday in what one analyst called a "relief rally" following President George W. Bush's re-election. 
 Some Michigan voters have received phone calls falsely claiming that Sen. John Kerry would make gay marriage legal. In New Jersey, some voters have heard a man claiming to be former U.S. Army Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf backing the Democrat. Elderly voters in Pennsylvania have been called and told they are ineligible to vote. 
 They are foreign enemies buried thousands of miles from home, but they are not forgotten. 
 A federal judge Wednesday set trial dates for a U.S. Virgin Islands senator charged with over-billing the government and a former senator charged with attempting to defraud the government. 
 Danish Queen Margrethe will help kick off celebrations marking next year's bicentennial of the birth of Hans Christian Andersen, the Danish fairy tale writer, during an eight-day official visit to Japan. 
 Four Central American presidents watched Monday as Guatemala and El Salvador formally eliminated their border immigration and customs controls, the first step toward a regionwide integration that has eluded the countries' leaders for decades. 
 Chinese police on Friday said an explosion at a teahouse that killed 14 people was caused by a bomb planted by a man who died in the blast, a news report said. 
 Two European engineers working at a power plant near the Bangladeshi capital have died of suspected alcohol poisoning, police said Saturday. 
 The people of Belfast are about to get all of their mountains back. 
 Ja Rule probably should have battled nemesis 50 Cent with sticks and stones, considering what happened after their war of words. 
 Two national team coaches and several senior skating officials resigned this week as South Korea was stunned by tales of harsh training and physical punishment in its top ranked short track speedskating team. 
 President George W. Bush sketched a second-term agenda Thursday that includes tax overhaul and major changes in pension benefits for the elderly to allow U.S. workers to own their own retirement accounts. 
 Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz arrived in Nepal on Monday for a two-day official visit to this Himalayan kingdom to discuss regional and bilateral issues. 
 China's official soccer association has removed its secretary general amid accusations of mismanagement and the national team's fading hopes of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup, official newspapers reported Thursday. 
 The Colombian government will allow hundreds of families left homeless after a strong earthquake to move temporarily into houses and country estates seized from drug traffickers, officials said Tuesday. 
 Drivers in a road rally that meandered from India through Southeast Asia to promote the region's byways for travel and freight headed Tuesday into Laos, where regional leaders planned to greet them and send them on to Indonesia. 
 A veteran of the first Persian Gulf War is suing the Army after it ordered him to report for duty 13 years after he was honorably discharged from active duty and eight years after he left the reserves. 
 The year wasn't all bad for Tiger Woods. 
 Information technology researcher Gartner Inc. said Tuesday India's computer market grew 35 percent during the July-September quarter compared with the same period a year ago. 
 An influential World Health Organization committee is sending shock waves through the scientific community with its recommendation that researchers be permitted to conduct genetic-engineering experiments with the smallpox virus. 
 A powerful storm moved through Greece on Sunday, causing power outages, floods and halting transportation services, authorities said. 
 Belarus' top security official was officially dismissed Thursday for meeting with an opposition leader during last month's heated protests over a referendum on President Alexander Lukashenko's tenure in power, the president's press service said. 
 The Israeli Cabinet was to hold a special meeting Wednesday to discuss funeral arrangements for Yasser Arafat, an official said. 
 Gold futures slipped more than $2.50 an ounce Tuesday from a 16-year high after upbeat economic data and a brief short-covering rally by the dollar versus the euro. 
 Filipinos rejoiced Tuesday at the release of a diplomat held captive for nearly a month in Afghanistan, but the president reminded people to continue "efforts and prayers" for another Filipino hostage in Iraq. 
 A federal jury ordered National Basketball Association all-star Vince Carter to pay his imprisoned former agent, William "Tank" Black, nearly $4.7 million in lost commissions and damages. 
 Economic growth in Spain grew 0.6 in the third quarter and 2.6 percent on the year because of healthy domestic demand, the National Statistics Institute said Wednesday. 
 Gold futures closed at record highs Tuesday after signs of rising inflation and continued weakness in the dollar. 
 Ending one of the Army's longest desertion cases, Charles Robert Jenkins was sentenced to 30 days in a military jail Wednesday for abandoning his unit on a freezing hillside to cross over into North Korea nearly 40 years ago. 
 Scientists working for the U.S. government have developed standards to measure the accuracy of anthrax detection tests, hoping to steer first responders away from tests that have delivered too many false readings. 
 Ben Roethlisberger became the first NFL rookie quarterback to win his first seven starts since 1970, and Jerome Bettis had two short touchdown runs in leading the Pittsburgh Steelers over the Cleveland Browns 24-10 on Sunday. 
 Russia's lower house of parliament on Tuesday ratified an international protocol restricting the use of some categories of land mines. 
 A senior Palestinian official who is also Yasser Arafat's nephew said Tuesday that the Palestinian leader is still alive. 
 Three of Industriales' pitchers defected from Cuba in the past year, so the Havana club is relying on offense to win its third consecutive Cuban national baseball title. 
 PHNOM PENH, Cambodia _ The Cambodian government must make real progress to clean up rampant corruption that fills the pockets of the rich at the expense of the poor, human rights advocates demanded Tuesday. 
 A judge awarded more than $86 million (euro66 million) Thursday to a woman who sued the Cuban government over her father's execution following the 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion. 
 French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy said he hasn't yet decided whether to run for president in 2007, in remarks published Wednesday as he prepares to leave government to lead the ruling party. 
 The International Energy Agency urged the world's richest nations Wednesday to spend US$16 billion (euro12 billion) a year to bring electricity to 500 million people, saying it would strengthen their countries' economies and help them escape poverty. 
 Opposition lawmakers and liberal activists took their fight to annul last year's parliamentary election to the Russian Supreme Court Monday, telling the court that the Kremlin-backed ruling party enjoyed an unfair advantage in media coverage and election authorities did nothing to stop it. 
 Canadian health officials said they have received reports linking Pfizer Inc. painkiller Celebrex to 14 deaths and numerous heart-related side effects, but that it would be premature to issue a warning or pull the drug from the shelves. 
 New Zealand made the rare move of resting its captain, and Wales named three changes for their rugby union test at Millennium Stadium on Saturday. 
 The chief organizer of the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics said Friday the games were not threatened despite a euro186 million (US$242 million) shortfall and an inspection by financial police this week of the company building roads and Olympic installations. 
 Bosnian Serb police on Monday arrested their first war crimes suspects since the war in Bosnia ended nine years ago, capturing eight men _ including two wanted for genocide. 
 Authorities detained two actors and their television crew at a mosque in northern Greece Tuesday after hundreds of Muslim villagers accused the actors of insulting their religion. 
 Iraqi kidnappers have released two Lebanese hostages held for more than a month after a ransom was paid, one of the former hostages said Friday. 
 The company that owns The Venetian megaresort and a hotel-casino in Macau is aiming at an initial public offering price of $21 (euro16.11) a share, according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Monday will be sunny and dry in the northern half of Africa with cloudy, rainy conditions to the south. 
 LeBron James scored 26 points to become the youngest player in NBA history to reach 2,000 in a career, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 96-74 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night. 
 Ameera Dawoud is a Christian, but as soon as the Islamic holy month of Ramadan began, she traded her pants, fitted skirts and uncovered hair for oversize clothes and a veil. 
 Four major insurance companies paid a broker tens of millions of dollars in hidden kickbacks in exchange for winning contracts with some of the largest U.S. companies, California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi charged Thursday. 
 Martin Jol was appointed Tottenham's head coach Monday, three days after the sudden resignation of manager Jacques Santini. The Dutchman becomes Spurs' sixth boss in eight years. 
 A glass dome etched with messages of condolence has been chosen as the design for a memorial to victims of the Madrid train bombings. 
 Fifteen African leaders _ including the head of every country in central Africa's Great Lakes area _ signed an agreement aimed at ending the cycle of war and dictatorship in the region. 
 A Dutch filmmaker allegedly slain by an extremist is to be cremated Tuesday as a stunned nation questions the tolerance of its society amid a string of retaliatory attacks against its Muslim minority. 
 Ugandan rebels fighting an insurgency that has driven more than 1.5 million people from their homes said they want to hold peace talks with the African country's government, the BBC reported Tuesday. 
 Thousands of angry Bulgarians filled the streets of downtown Sofia on Wednesday to demand that the government change its economic and social policy or step down. 
 An 86-year-old man who displayed war relics at a privately run Nazi museum may face charges of spreading Nazi propaganda, a news agency reported Friday. 
 English golfer Paul Casey apologized Thursday for derogatory comments he made about Americans. 
 A French student won legal backing at the European Union's high court Thursday for his bid to obtain a British government loan for university studies in London. 
 Slobodan Milosevic can once again lead his own defense at the U.N. war crimes tribunal but must accept a standby lawyer in case he becomes too ill to continue, appeals judges ruled Monday. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 104.18 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 5 p.m. (0800 GMT) Friday, up 0.42 yen from late Thursday. 
 Three of Russia's 88 provinces on Tuesday announced a plan to merge _ a move reflecting the Kremlin's desire to streamline the nation's unwieldy administrative system by reducing the number of federal entities. 
 Apolo Anton Ohno of the United States won two races and teamed with Hyo-Jung Kim to give the Americans a sweep in the 1,000-meter event at a World Cup short track speedskating event. 
 Bosnian Serb police said Thursday they arrested one of their own officers for stealing police property. 
 France's second-most prestigious literary award, the Renaudot prize, was awarded Monday to a Jewish writer who died at a Nazi death camp _ the first time the prize honored a writer for posthumous work. 
 Qwest Communications, which last month settled civil fraud charges, has begun negotiating settlements of shareholder lawsuits that accuse the company of misleading investors, a spokeswoman for one stockholder said. 
 Vijay Singh offered hope for everyone Wednesday, but only briefly. 
 Earnings at News Corp., the media conglomerate run by Rupert Murdoch, rose 27 percent in the latest quarter on stronger results from broadcast television, cable networks and newspapers, the company reported Wednesday. 
 The stock market closed. 
 When Rob Smitty returned home after donating a kidney to a stranger, he talked about hoping "my children can be proud and look up and say, `My dad did this.'" 
 Cy Coleman, composer of the Broadway musicals "Sweet Charity" and "City of Angels" as well as such pop standards as "Witchcraft" and "The Best Is Yet to Come," has died of heart failure. He was 75. 
 Iraqis living abroad will be able to cast their ballots in 14 different countries at electoral centers to be set up outside Iraqi embassies to avoid the appearance of government influence in the process, an election commission official said Tuesday. 
 A Kosovo court sentenced three ethnic Albanians for participating in the burning and the looting of a Serb Orthodox church, a U.N. spokesman said Wednesday. 
 Arsonists set fire to a school and attempted to burn down two churches in the Netherlands, the latest in a series of attacks following the murder of a Dutch filmmaker by a suspected Muslim radical, police said Thursday. There were no injuries. 
 A Malaysian man must pay film studios $23.8 million (euro18.2 million) for running a Web site that allowed paying members to watch pirated movies, the Motion Picture Association of America said. 
 The third of eight U.S. soldiers charged in the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal has pleaded guilty, and was demoted and docked a half-month's pay, an Army spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Rising interest rates and a reliance on credit were blamed Friday for an increased number of British bankruptcies. 
 From the gusto of Harlem to dreamscapes of the rustic South, Romare Bearden portrayed the strivings of black Americans in an era of tumultuous social change. 
 A federal appeals court has ruled that Boston's mass-transit agency violated free-speech rights by refusing to display advertisements from a group that wants to legalize marijuana. 
 Chile will probably open talks with China on negotiating a free trade agreement later this week, and Hong Kong has offered to play a supportive role, officials said Tuesday. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu quickly overpowered Kakizoe Monday to maintain his winning record on the second day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 U.S. and Iraqi troops battling their way through Fallujah stumbled on a horrific find _ a small, windowless room with blood-soaked mattresses and straw mats on the floor that U.S. commanders are calling a "hostage slaughterhouse." 
 Defense lawyers on Friday appealed the convictions of two police officers charged in the 1996 massacre of 19 farmworkers in the Amazon rain forest. 
 President George W. Bush, meeting with Iraq ally British Prime Minister Tony Blair, declared Friday, "We have a great chance to establish a Palestinian state." 
 National Hockey League star Jaromir Jagr is leaving the Czech league to play in Russia, media reported Monday. 
 The United States and Europe are not planning to send heads of states to a funeral for the ailing Yasser Arafat, but rather high-level Cabinet ministers or diplomats, diplomats said Tuesday. 
 A man who told authorities he killed five women and buried their bodies around the state was sentenced to two consecutive life prison terms. 
 A southwestern Ontario man charged with e-mailing a death threat to Michael Jackson pleaded guilty Monday to uttering death threats. 
 One U.S. soldier was killed and another wounded when a roadside bomb hit their vehicle, the U.S. military said Friday. 
 Commanders in Iraq probably will expand their troops by several thousand as the January elections approach, the No. 2 commander of U.S. forces in the Middle East said Friday. 
 Insurgents attacked and briefly occupied a government building in a town north of the capital early Saturday before U.S. troops and government forces drove them out, officials said. 
 European nations need to think more seriously about how terrorism affects them, even in far-off places like Afghanistan, NATO's secretary-general said Thursday. 
 La Fenice Theater has risen from the ashes, like its namesake the phoenix, to mount its first opera performance since it was destroyed by a fire set by electricians in 1996. 
 A new survey indicates the number of foreign graduate students enrolling for the first time at American universities is down 6 percent this year _ the third straight decline after a decade of growth. Educators worry the trend is eroding America's position as the world's leader in higher education. 
 Pakistan said Friday that India's decision to reduce its troops in its portion of Kashmir this winter could give a boost to peace talks aimed at ending more than five decades of enmity between the South Asian nuclear rivals. 
 Former President Nelson Mandela said Thursday he was saddened by the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, whose dream of a Palestinian state had not yet been realized. 
 Developments in Iraq on Saturday: 
 Soccer players are used to being taunted by opposing fans and players _ not by the referee. 
 It's easy _ particularly during the holidays _ not to notice the homeless inside New York's two airports. 
 Officials have banned cameras and tape recorders at the retrial of Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman after defendants staged a demonstration at the first hearing. 
 The stock exchanges in the United States would be forced to tighten their governance and move toward separating their self-policing function from their business operations under a plan proposed by federal regulators on Tuesday. 
 An Ontario judge ordered the removal of three directors from the board of Hollinger Inc., the Toronto-based company announced. 
 Shares in Abbey National PLC, Britain's sixth-biggest bank and second-biggest mortgage lender, traded for the last time Friday ahead of the completion of its $15.6 billion acquisition by Santander Central Hispano SA, Spain's biggest bank. 
 More than 700 Pakistanis deported from Oman for immigration violations arrived home on a cargo ship Thursday, a charity official said, the second batch of returnees this week. 
 England's David Beckham and Michael Owen could be forgiven for feeling a little confused when they line up against Spain at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium in Wednesday's friendly. 
 A Jordanian-born man who says he served briefly as Osama bin Laden's bodyguard told a German court Tuesday that the al-Qaida leader spoke months before the Sept. 11 attacks of a strike against the United States and said there would be "thousands of dead." 
 India's move to reduce its troops in disputed Kashmir this winter could boost peace talks with Pakistan aimed at ending more than a half-century of enmity between the nuclear rivals, Pakistan said Friday. 
 Yasser Arafat will be buried at the battered West Bank headquarters that had been his virtual prison for the last three years, his aides decided after the deeply comatose Palestinian leader suffered another downturn. 
 It looks like Sarah Jessica Parker is too sexy for some Israelis' tastes. 
 Pakistan and India agreed Tuesday to set up joint study group on how to promote trade and economic cooperation amid warming relations between their nuclear-armed, but impoverished, countries. 
 Former U.S. envoys say that the passing of Yasser Arafat would open up new opportunities for Mideast peace, especially if new, pragmatic Palestinian leaders emerge. 
 The Big Dig _ Boston's newly opened $14.6 billion (euro11.3 billion) highway tunnel project _ has a seriously flawed wall that contractors knew about as early as 1999, and is riddled with hundreds of smaller leaks, consultants reported in another embarrassment for the builders and the city. 
 A British government body failed Wednesday in its legal bid to stop its employees from joining a 24-hour strike by civil servants who are protesting the government's decision to ax more than 100,000 jobs. 
 A Russian physicist accused of spying for China was taken into custody Wednesday ahead of his sentencing, his lawyer said. 
 Government and military officials are pillaging timber from a protected forest in southwestern Cambodia and extorting money from other illegal loggers there, an international conservation group said Friday. 
 Over 20 people were killed Monday by rebels in ongoing fighting in south and north Darfur states, the Interior Ministry said, condemning the rebels for breaking a cease-fire reached earlier this month. 
 Procedure for transfer of power within Palestinian Authority: 
 A Briton and a senior Chinese official working in Hong Kong have been jailed by China for spying, an official said Monday. Media reports said both men were spying for London. 
 Altria Group Inc. is beginning to make the needed preparations to possibly split up into several parts in order to maximize shareholder value, chairman and chief executive Louis Camilleri said Thursday. 
 Italian troops will not remain in Iraq if the new government elected in January can quell violence in the country on its own, Italy's defense minister said Sunday. 
 Werder Bremen can clinch a place in the second round of the Champions League with a victory Wednesday over already qualified Internazionale Milan. 
 Palestinians, nervously awaiting medical test results of their leader Yasser Arafat, said Wednesday they are willing to work with any U.S. administration that can get the peace process with Israel back on track. 
 A 71-year-old Japanese resident of Switzerland plans to sail a small homemade boat from Europe to his Asian homeland. 
 Tajik authorities on Monday detained a former Russian serviceman on suspicion of drug dealing, an official said. 
 A $100 million (euro77.6 million) supercomputer being built to analyze the U.S. nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record _ the second in just over a month. 
 The Indian army has launched a major offensive against separatist rebels near India's northeastern frontier with Myanmar, killing at least 13 rebels and capturing another 34, an army spokesman said Friday. 
 Secretary-General Kofi Annan, under fire in Washington over the U.N. role in Iraq, said the United States and the United Nations have the greatest impact on global issues when they work together. 
 U.S. troops clashed Monday with insurgents on a major street in the heart of Baghdad, an Iraqi official said. Heavy gunfire and the wail of sirens could be heard in the area. 
 A Marine badly wounded in Iraq just days before his wife gave birth to quintuplets has been reunited with his family, a military official said. 
 H.J. Heinz Co. is considering bringing home up to $1 billion (euro750 million) in foreign profits at reduced tax rates under recent federal legislation, the company said Tuesday. 
 After two chaotic elections and concerns over whether votes would be counted properly in Florida, the state that decided the 2000 U.S. presidential election witnessed only minor problems, although a handful of voters remained in line to cast their ballots early Wednesday. 
 The United Nations Development Program in Honduras on Tuesday turned over information pertaining to four public bids won by the French telecommunications company Alcatel as part of a corruption investigation. 
 Some 140 Dutch livestock farms have been closed due to worries about dioxin contamination, the Agriculture Ministry said Wednesday. 
 Palestinian refugees scattered in Arab nations greeted word Thursday of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death with grief, anger and frustration, losing the man who instilled hope they may one day return home. 
 Iraq's U.S.-backed leader has made an impassioned plea for European nations divided by the war to reunite to help stabilize and rebuild his country. 
 Two days after the Democrats took at drubbing at the polls across the country, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger referred to leaders of the state's majority party as "losers." 
 Dapper Tom Wolfe likes everything just so. 
 A Dutch opposition party appealed to Queen Beatrix Wednesday to help prevent "further escalation" of tension in the Netherlands amid a wave of attacks against churches and mosques following the killing of a Dutch filmmaker, allegedly by a Muslim extremist. 
 Euro Disney SCA posted a wider loss Tuesday for the 2004 fiscal year as the theme park and hotel operator resumed royalty payments to The Walt Disney Co. and incurred heavier operating costs. 
 Security forces opened fire as thousands of angry loyalists massed outside a French evacuation post for foreigners, witnesses said, and a hospital reported seven people killed and 200 wounded in a fourth day of chaotic violence pitting France against its former prize colony. 
 Despite Republican gains, President George W. Bush's picks for potential vacancies on the Supreme Court will face "political firestorm" in the Senate, the Bush administration's former chief lawyer at the high court said. 
 Some 7,500 workers walked out Thursday in a 24-hour strike protesting layoffs and closures by UPM-Kymmene, halting all production at the company's Finnish paper and pulp plants two days after similar action by workers at its sawmills and plywood plants. 
 With his chiseled cheekbones, porcelain skin and wispy brunette locks, Ben Jelen looks like he's walked straight out of a Calvin Klein ad. In fact, when his manager spotted first spotted him, that's just what he had in mind for the young Jelen. 
 Nearly two weeks after John Kerry conceded the election and President George W. Bush laid out his agenda, New Mexico is among several states that have yet to determine the winner's margin of victory. 
 Autopsy results for rapper O.D.B., who died at a Manhattan recording studio, will not be available for several days while authorities conduct medical tests, officials said. 
 Staring with tears in their eyes, Ivory Coast's people emerged from their homes to survey the wreckage of five days of violent upheaval _ and stock up with food against any feared next round. 
 A six-story atrium forms the spectacular core of the newly designed Museum of Modern Art, drawing light into the sleek structure and providing breathtaking views from the museum's balconies and sky bridges. 
 Palestinian officials pushed forward with plans for life without Yasser Arafat, meeting Sunday to set a date for elections to replace their longtime leader after his death this week. 
 U.S. figure skating champion Johnny Weir scored a personal best to take the lead in the short program and Olympic bronze medalist Tim Goebel withdrew at the Trophee Bompard on Friday. 
 Australia opens its title defense of the Champions Trophy Saturday, facing Olympic gold medalist Germany in the annual women's field hockey tournament featuring the world's top six teams. 
 Police in the neighboring port city of Valparaiso used tear gas and water trucks Tuesday to disperse scores of university students protesting against the weekend Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit and the visit of U.S. President George W. Bush. 
 Angered at being targeted by the United States for its poor human rights record, Belarus hit back with a resolution accusing the U.S. government of disenfranchising voters, abusing prisoners and other rights violations. 
 U.S. diplomats met with leaders of an outlawed Buddhist church in Vietnam over the weekend, the U.S. Embassy in Hanoi said Monday. 
 Three small bombs exploded in different locations in Milan on Monday causing minor damage, Italian news reports said. No one was reported injured in the explosions. 
 Ring tones are so yesterday. If wireless companies have their way, the next multibillion dollar surprise in the cellular business will be "Ringback" tones. 
 Five sailors were rescued by a helicopter Tuesday from a tug boat that ran aground in the Baltic Sea, the Swedish Maritime Administration said. Rescuers were still searching for a sixth crewman. 
 Latvian police said Friday they had arrested and charged two men for the brutal murder of an American missionary earlier this week. 
 Two U.N. workers who spent nearly a month in the hands of mysterious Afghan kidnappers flew out of Kabul on Sunday toward the warm welcomes of relatives and friends in Northern Ireland and Kosovo. 
 More than 20 people were injured Sunday when fans rioted at a soccer stadium after a tear gas canister exploded before a first-division match. 
 German government plans to close more than 100 military bases and cut 49,000 jobs drew criticism Wednesday from opposition conservatives and a labor union. 
 A military court convicted a Russian officer Friday in connection with the death of a Siberian high school student who died while running 10 kilometers (six miles) in a gas mask, Russian news agencies reported. 
 Hillary Rodham Clinton vs. Colin Powell in 2006? 
 Annika Sorenstam moved into position for her record-tying fourth consecutive Mizuno Classic title Saturday, shooting a 6-under 66 to take a four-stroke lead into the final round. 
 Machines malfunctioned, tempers flared and edgy voters often waited hours Tuesday to pick a U.S. president in a contentious race watched by thousands of monitors who expected the worst. 
 India and Russia are working on new visa rules for businessmen, teachers and students with an agreement expected to be signed when Russian President Vladimir Putin visits next month, a news report said Friday. 
 Winners at the 2004 CMA Awards held Tuesday night in Nashville: 
 Relief organizations estimate that up to 250,000 Iraqis have fled Fallujah and could need help in nearby villages and in Baghdad, a U.N. official said Thursday. 
 Dignitaries who participated in Wednesday's funeral prayers for late Emirates President Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan: 
 A man accused of beating his German girlfriend to death with a baseball bat in Mexico has been extradited from Spain to stand trial, the federal Attorney General's Office announced Tuesday. 
 A bus plunged off a cliff in southern China, killing 11 people and injuring seven others, the government said. 
 Gunmen killed the deputy governor of Baghdad on Monday on his way to work, Iraqi officials said. 
 President George W. Bush calls it a "great Washington sport," the speculation about who will be in his second-term Cabinet, but even he says there will be new faces sitting around the polished mahogany table in the West Wing of the White House. 
 No matter how independent, fashionable or popular she may be, Japan's unwed woman has long been the eternal loser _ lonesome during the holidays, dreaming of the child she never had, dreading the inevitable question at family gatherings: "Aren't you married yet?" 
 Mexico President Vincente Fox said Monday he wants to push for a free trade pact with Ecuador. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder discussed Ukraine's election crisis Wednesday with Russian President Vladimir Putin, and the two leaders agreed that a peaceful solution must be found, a spokesman for Schroeder said. 
 Abkhazia's rival presidential candidates wrapped up consultations in Moscow on Wednesday without ending the controversy around the vote in Georgia's separatist region. 
 Multiple blasts sounded after nightfall in the capital of Baghdad Thursday. 
 Online search engine leader Google Inc. is setting out make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the Web. 
 Israeli troops, backed by tanks and helicopter gunships raided a Gaza Strip town Thursday, killing three Palestinians and wounding at least nine others, witnesses said. 
 President George W. Bush has a nickname for Condoleezza Rice, his choice as the next secretary of state: "The unsticker." 
 Fremont Investment Advisors of San Francisco has agreed to pay $2.1 million (euro1.63 million) in restitution and $2 million (euro1.55 million) in civil penalties to end a mutual fund timing case, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer announced Thursday. 
 Orissa's top elected official was rushed to the hospital with an injured foot Tuesday after a fight broke out between lawmakers in this east Indian state's legislature. 
 Ralph Nader ended his latest presidential bid Tuesday with a fraction of the votes he won four years ago, but he vowed to continue his insurgent campaign against corporate domination of American politics. 
 1. Lindsay Davenport, United States, 4,546 points 
 Estonia's ambassador to the United Nations, Jaak Joeruut, is set to become the country's defense minister, the Reform Party said Friday. 
 Lawmakers in the southern German state of Bavaria approved legislation Thursday that bars Muslim teachers from wearing head scarves at school, following the argument that the scarf has become a political rather than a religious symbol. 
 President George W. Bush, meeting with Iraq ally British Prime Minister Tony Blair, declared Friday, "We have a great chance to establish a Palestinian state." 
 New research suggests that giving flu vaccine in a novel way can stretch doses and protect more people, but it didn't work as well in those over 60 and is too experimental to be used to ease this year's shortage, experts say. 
 At least 10 people were killed when the firecrackers they were making in a factory in southern India exploded on Thursday, a news report said. 
 A month before the video game's scheduled release in the United States this coming Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action title "Halo 2" were already circulating on the Internet. 
 Somalia's new president on Friday asked the U.N. Security Council, meeting in an extraordinary session in Africa, to launch a major peacekeeping operation to bring stability to his anarchic nation. 
 Summaries of Premier League soccer matches played Saturday: 
 Investigators trying to find the cause of the fiery crash of a Chinese airliner were searching an icy lake Tuesday for its flight data recorders. The death toll rose to 55 after the body of a second person killed on the ground was found. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early victories Tuesday in a tense and testy contest between an embattled wartime incumbent and a hard-charging Democrat who blamed the Republican for chaos in Iraq and joblessness in the UnitedStates. 
 Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has asked Latvia to name a new candidate for the commission, after its nominee Ingrida Udre was told to step aside. 
 Police said Wednesday they had arrested a suspected member of the Red Brigades terrorist organization who carried out robberies to help finance the group. 
 The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point Wednesday, the fourth increase this year. It's part of a credit tightening campaign to bring rates back up to more normal levels now that the economy's recovery from the 2001 recession is more deeply rooted. 
 The Russian Orthodox Church and a foreign branch that split off after the Bolshevik Revolution still differ on many issues in their reunification talks, a church leader said Thursday. 
 A suicide bomber blew himself up outside a military camp in India's portion of Kashmir on Monday, wounding four soldiers, while unknown assailants shot and injured a separatist leader outside a mosque, police said. 
 Gunmen killed a civilian who worked for the police department in Haiti's capital and tried to burn his body in an attack following more than a month of sporadic street clashes, police said Wednesday. 
 Palmeiras midfielder Pedrinho was summoned to complete Brazil's injury-riddled squad for next week's World Cup qualifier against Ecuador. 
 Insurgents attacked a police station in the Iraqi city of Karbala, killing one Iraqi policeman and injuring five, the Polish military said Wednesday. 
 Multiple explosions echoed across the capital of Baghad Saturday as heavy clashes broke out in the streets. 
 A man allegedly broke in to a house in western Japan with the intention of robbing it, but was so drunk that he fell asleep in his victim's home without stealing a thing, police said Monday. 
 Isolated showers will affect coastal areas from Tunisia to Egypt on Wednesday. 
 Anghel Iordanescu quit as coach of the Romanian national team Friday following an embarrassing 1-1 draw in Armenia in a Group 1 World Cup qualifier. 
 Europe's mixed feelings about the re-election of America's president crop up even in the ancestral home of the Bush clan. 
 Rauhi Fattouh, a little-known politician named parliament speaker six months ago, is in line to become the Palestinian president when Yasser Arafat dies. 
 Setting the stage for a U.N. summit to tackle global threats in the 21st century, an international panel said Tuesday the United Nations must approve any preemptive or preventive military strike. 
 Malaysia's prime minister on Sunday warned that Southeast Asia would lose its economic edge if it did not forge stronger business links with partners in the region _ mainly India and China _ instead of looking at them as rivals. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $430.10 per troy ounce Thursday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $424.60 late Wednesday. 
 An Iraqi National Guard patrol was hit Thursday by a car bomb in central Iraq, killing at least three people, Iraqi officials said. 
 Norway and Denmark were preparing the voluntary evacuation of their citizens from the Ivory Coast on Thursday amid rising violence in the West African nation. 
 Global stability and prosperity cannot be achieved unless development issues in Africa are resolved with help from the international community, Japan's prime minister said Monday. 
 The Chunichi Dragons want to recruit two Cuban pitchers for their next season, the Japanese team's manager said Sunday during a three-day visit to Cuba. 
 New energy cooperation agreements to be negotiated between Brazil and Germany will exclude nuclear power, the foreign ministers of both countries said on Thursday. 
 Western European car sales fell by 3.5 percent on the year in October despite a small increase in Germany, according to data released Tuesday by the Association of European Auto Manufacturers. 
 An American businessman has turned himself in to face fraud charges in a corruption case involving the construction of Trinidad's new airport, police said Friday. 
 Israeli military intelligence has identified a new security threat: advanced cellular telephones. 
 Hundreds of armed insurgents took up positions Tuesday in the center of Ramadi, fierce clashes erupted to the northwest of the city, and explosions rocked a nearby U.S. base, police and eyewitnesses said. 
 North Korea said Saturday that it was "quite possible" to settle the international standoff over its nuclear weapons program if the United States drops its alleged goal of toppling the communist regime. 
 A biopsy has shown that a lump in Elizabeth Edwards' breast has not spread, a family spokesman said, as the wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards commenced chemotherapy. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $449.30 per troy ounce Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $447.80 late Tuesday. 
 A week after the death of Yasser Arafat, the Bush administration said it was talking to Congress about resuming direct U.S. assistance to the Palestinian Authority that he headed. 
 General Motors Corp. will lay off most of the more than 1,000 workers at a New Jersey assembly plant early next year, months ahead of its original plans to stop making two vehicles there, a company spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Amare Stoudemire overcame early foul trouble to score 33 points, and the Phoenix Suns beat the Los Angeles Clippers 122-111 on Sunday for their fourth straight victory. 
 In the first diplomatic spat at the annual Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, Taiwan pulled a promotional video Tuesday after China complained it incorrectly referred to the island as a "nation." 
 Pope John Paul II received Muslim, Orthodox Christian and Jewish religious leaders from Azerbaijan, calling their visit Thursday a symbol of tolerance and declaring that religion must never be used for violent aims. 
 China has pledged another US$3 million to build a new cricket stadium in Antigua to host matches in the 2007 World Cup in the Caribbean, officials said Thursday. 
 Hotel heiress Nicky Hilton and New York businessman Todd Andrew Meister have officially ended their brief marriage. 
 Five German tourists missing for several days in Algeria's Sahara desert were found "safe and sound" but face charges for allegedly stealing protected archaeological objects, the Interior Ministry said Sunday. 
 Congress made it a little easier for hospitals, insurers and others to refuse to provide or cover abortions. 
 Model train maker Lionel LLC filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday, citing a jury's ruling that it must pay a rival for misappropriating designs. 
 Gold bullion opened Thursday at a bid price of US$445.38 a troy ounce, up from US$444.00 late Wednesday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,082.42 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Thursday, down 48.87 points, or 0.44 percent, from Wednesday. 
 Investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. picked Christopher M. O'Meara as chief financial officer, replacing Dave Goldfarb, who will become chief administrative officer. 
 The last thing Raymond Domenech needed was another player criticizing him before an international match _ especially one he needs to win handsomely to boost fragile morale. 
 Sudan denied a U.N. claim that Sudanese military and police forces were surrounding several refugee camps Tuesday in the war-torn region of Darfur and refusing access to humanitarian groups, but said angry Arab tribesmen had gathered in those areas. 
 Saudi Ambassador Prince Turki Al-Faisal on Monday criticized 26 prominent Saudi religious scholars for urging Iraqis to support militants waging holy war against the U.S.-led coalition forces. 
 The White House has put out word daily of calls flooding in from around the world to congratulate President George W. Bush on his re-election victory. But somehow, Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero just hasn't been able to get his call past the switchboard. 
 Sudanese Vice President Ali Osman Taha will meet southern rebel leader John Garang next month to work out final details of how to implement a comprehensive deal to end a 21-year civil war in the country, the chief mediator said Monday. 
 Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi insisted that uprooting extremists from Fallujah is the only way "to safeguard lives, elections and democracy in Iraq," rejecting Secretary-General Kofi Annan's warning against attacking the city, according to a letter obtained Monday by The Associated Press. 
 U.S. military announced Sunday that 38 U.S. troops have been killed and 275 wounded in the ongoing operation in Fallujah. 
 It's been a year since Arnold Schwarzenegger became California's 38th governor, and the Hollywood actor-turned-politician remains a phenomenon _ theatrical, unbridled and radiating raw confidence. 
 In the era of racial segregation _ when leaders in the U.S. Army did not think blacks were capable of flying _ a group of minority pilots changed the way the military looked at race. 
 Jordan's Prince Hamzah said Monday he was conceding to the wish of King Abdullah II to strip him of his crown as heir to the throne. 
 Police and soldiers opened fire Monday on crowds of students protesting the killing of one of their colleagues by security forces in Congo's volatile east. Two demonstrators and one soldier were killed in the mayhem. 
 French paratroopers sent to Kosovo last month to boost NATO-led peacekeepers during general elections here will stay in this U.N.-run province longer than planned, the peacekeeping force said Monday. 
 Former members of the Sept. 11 commission met Tuesday with Vice President Dick Cheney, and President George W. Bush planned talks with leaders of Congress in an attempt to gain passage for an intelligence reorganization bill this year. 
 Croatia has launched an investigation into allegations that employees of a company owned by U.S. pharmaceutical giant Pfizer may have bribed doctors to promote the research and sale of its products in the country, the state attorney's office said Friday. 
 Delta pilots handed the struggling airline a huge victory Thursday in its effort to avoid bankruptcy, agreeing to slash their salaries by more than $1 billion (euro780 million) and receive no pay raises through 2009. 
 Albania's Prime Minister Fatos Nano on Tuesday denied a lawmaker's accusations that he was involved in arms trafficking in Kosovo. 
 Leading scorers in the Bundesliga after Saturday's 15th-round matches: 
 By the time Andrew Golota and John Ruiz began their ugliness, it was Sunday morning and some in the crowd at Madison Square Garden had so much to drink that they were fighting among themselves. 
 One of Asia's new megastars, Zhang Ziyi, is paying homage to one of her big sisters in the Chinese-language film industry, saying that she has long idolized Gong Li. 
 Benito Mussolini was a caring father, loved music and liked to watch 20 minutes of a movie after dinner, according to a fast-selling new book by the son of Italy's World War II dictator that has raised questions over how Italians deal with their Fascist past. 
 Ozeki Kaio defeated Asashoryu on the final day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament Sunday but will fall short of promotion to grand champion. 
 Tabare Vazquez, a former mayor of the capital, won Uruguay's presidential election, becoming the nation's first leftist leader and strengthening a regional shift toward left-leaning governments. 
 David Beckham, out for a month with broken ribs, was named by Sven-Goran Eriksson to England's team for its friendly match on Wednesday against Spain at Real Madrid's Santiago Bernabeu Stadium. 
 Amelie Mauresmo pulled out of France's Fed Cup team on Tuesday, saying she needs time off to better prepare for next year's Grand Slam quest. 
 Latin American leaders finished a two-day summit with a promise to help rid Haiti of political violence and grinding poverty, sending a top Brazilian diplomat to the country on a mission to fashion a rescue plan. 
 The 2008 European Championship is back on track, UEFA President Lennart Johansson said Tuesday as he signed an agreement with the tournament's two organizers, the Austrian and the Swiss soccer federations. 
 NATO's top military chief says the alliance's reconstruction teams in Afghanistan are bringing stability to the war-shattered country, and could be used as a model for Iraq. 
 A monument to an admiral who fought against the Red Army in Russia's Civil War and was executed by Bolsheviks was unveiled Thursday in the Siberian city of Irkutsk, 130 years after his birth, Russian news reports said. 
 Suspected Iraqi insurgents have demanded the release of Abu Ghraib prisoners and a huge ransom in exchange for the freedom of an American and a Filipino taken hostage last week in Baghdad, Philippine officials said Tuesday. 
 Twelve people were crushed to death when a train ran over them at a railroad station in central India on Sunday, news reports said. 
 Democrat John Edwards lost the election for the U.S. vice presidency this week and will lose his Senate seat in January. But he's hardly going away. He's positioned himself for a full-out presidential run in 2008, a campaign that in a way he's already begun. 
 U.S. troops have found close to 20 "atrocity sites" used by insurgents to imprison, torture and kill hostages in Fallujah, a U.S. military officer said Sunday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,019.98 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Friday, up 173.06 points, or 1.60 percent, from Thursday. 
 One by one, arthritis drugs that promised to ease pain without causing ulcers are losing their luster. 
 The first test of the two-match series between India and South Africa ended in a draw Wednesday. 
 Paralympic powerlifter Darrell Tyrone Banks was suspended for two years on Tuesday by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency after testing positive for steroids. 
 An ultralight aircraft flipped during a hard landing, heavily damaging the plane, authorities said Saturday. The pilot and a passenger escaped injury. 
 Baghdad's international airport will reopen to civilian traffic Monday after being closed for a week under a state of emergency declared before the assault on Fallujah, Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said. 
 A judge threatened to dismiss the treason trial of a television talk show host in Guyana after postponing it Thursday because the prosecution had failed to produce any witnesses. 
 Conrad Black stepped aside Tuesday as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc., the Toronto-based holding company which has voting control over newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. 
 With no sign of the Iraq insurgency ending soon, the Army has again raised its goal for replacing regular Humvee utility vehicles in Iraq with armored Humvees, the Army's top civilian official said. 
 The government will carry out another accounting maneuver to avoid breaching the $7.4 trillion (euro5.71 trillion) ceiling on the national debt, Treasury Secretary John Snow said. 
 Claiming they were deceived about attending a women's school, two students are suing to prevent the school from admitting men until after this year's freshman class graduates. 
 Clemson and South Carolina will not accept bowl bids, punishment for players who brawled toward the end of Saturday's game. 
 RIO DE JANIERO, Brazil _ Latin American leaders in Rio for a two-day summit are discussing a larger peacekeeping force in Haiti and wondering how relations between the United States and the region will develop under U.S. President George W. Bush's second term. 
 A father's attempt to teach his daughter a lesson about drinking backfired when the teen led police to a stash of drugs and weapons inside their home. 
 A senior Palestinian official said Thursday that Yasser Arafat had lapsed into a coma. 
 Germany's Siemens AG, maker of big-ticket industrial goods such as power generators and streetcars, saw profits fall 10 percent in its most recent quarter, the company said Thursday, as its mobile phone and transportation businesses made losses. 
 Three miners were killed and one injured after a shaft collapsed in a gold mine outside Johannesburg on Saturday. 
 A roadside bomb detonated Tuesday against an Iraqi National Guard convoy in Samarra, killing one, hospital officials said. 
 Fueled by fierce fighting in Fallujah and insurgents' counterattacks elsewhere in Iraq, the U.S. military death toll for November is approaching the highest for any month of the war. 
 A lesbian couple who wed in Canada can seek to have their union legally recognized in Ireland, a judge has ruled in a case he predicted would have deep consequences for this predominantly Catholic country. 
 A partial list of evacuation measures as reported by governments or airports for Ivory Coast, where loyalist street uprisings drove citizens of at least 43 nations from their homes in West Africa's economic hub: 
 The veteran intelligence analyst who served as acting CIA director during a wave of criticism of the agency this past summer announced his retirement. 
 Crude futures stayed flat Tuesday as traders awaited mid-week U.S. oil inventory data. 
 School officials in this city have revised the science curriculum to allow the teaching of creationism, prompting an outcry from more than 300 educators who urged that the decision be reversed. 
 Along with their monthly ration of sugar, rice and flour, Iraqis are receiving a piece of paper promoted as a key to a democratic Iraq: a voter registration sheet. 
 Erik Morales and Marco Antonio Barrera put on another battle for the ages Saturday, with Barrera coming out on top in a wild slugfest that was every bit the equal of the classic bout the two fought four years ago. 
 Eleusis made a successful U.S. debut by beating Literacy by 2 1/4 lengths in Aqueduct's Saturday feature, the Grade II, $150,000 Long Island Handicap for fillies and mares 3 and older. 
 Foreign ministers from at least a dozen African nations gathered in Tanzania on Tuesday ahead of a summit aimed at bringing lasting peace to a region of central Africa where millions have been killed in the past decade in wars, rebellions and a genocide, officials said. 
 Veteran Kazuyoshi Miura scored in the first half and Ryuji Bando added a goal after the break Sunday as Vissel Kobe defeated Kashima Antlers 2-1 in the J-League's first division. 
 The Venice Beach boardwalk is known around the world for funk, freedom and free enterprise. 
 Midfielder David Pizarro was back in Chile's national soccer team as coach Juvenal Olmos on Friday completed the roster for the Nov. 17 World Cup qualifier against Peru in Lima. 
 FedEx Corp. said Monday it is adding more trans-Atlantic flights, part of a plan to boost capacity to Europe. 
 The last time the South Africans toured the Northern Hemisphere rugby nations, they were outplayed by France, beaten for the first time in 33 years by Scotland and crushed 53-3 by England. 
 The jury began deliberations in the murder trial of a confessed serial killer who could be released from prison in less than two years. 
 Judicial authorities on Tuesday released 10 leading members of the banned Muslim Brotherhood group who had served three years prison sentences for belonging to an outlawed organization, a human rights center and a leading member of the group said. 
 Hundreds of Indian Sikhs arrived in Pakistan on Sunday to commemorate the 535th anniversary of the birth of the founder of their religion, officials said. 
 A third major debt ratings agency has stripped Merck & Co. of its top credit grade, lowering the drug maker's classification by three notches amid concerns stemming from its recall of the arthritis drug Vioxx. 
 Canberra will continue to have close ties with Washington regardless who wins the U.S. elections, Australia's foreign minister said Tuesday, after Prime Minister John Howard was criticized for endorsing U.S. President George W. Bush in the polls. 
 European stocks were mostly lower Wednesday as strong corporate earnings were offset by the effect of the weak dollar on European exporters. 
 An aid group in Afghanistan said it was considering pulling out of part of the country after Taliban militants attacked its compound in a southern town, killing three people and engaging authorities in a gunbattle. 
 Turkey's military warned that a civil war could start if Iraqi Kurds take control of the oil resources of northern Iraq, and hinted on Tuesday that such a conflict could draw in Turkey. 
 U.N. helicopters escorted by U.N. peacekeepers flew the first food aid Sunday to this Liberian border town overwhelmed by thousands of refugees fleeing turmoil in neighboring Ivory Coast. 
 A construction crew struck an underground petroleum pipeline, sparking an explosion and fire that killed three people, burned several nearby buildings and shot flames high in the air. 
 France, other countries and the United Nations launched what stood to become one of the largest evacuations of Africa's post-independence era on Wednesday, flying out the first of thousands of foreigners on requisitioned commercial airliners after days of violence targeting Ivory Coast's former colonial ruler. 
 A helicopter carrying six people, including two doctors and a hospital patient, went missing in harsh weather Saturday in the Russian Far East, the Emergency Situations Ministry said. 
 Almost two months into the NHL lockout, one-third of the players have drifted to Europe to play in hockey countries like Sweden and the Czech Republic. 
 Three international agencies urged Asians on Thursday to take special health precautions when raising or handling domestic ducks, which may carry the bird flu virus without showing any symptoms. 
 Crude oil futures fell Tuesday, reversing earlier gains, as analysts predicted a weekly U.S. oil inventories report would show a rise in stocks. 
 South Africa salvaged a draw in its tour opener against the Indian Board President's XI despite an embarrassing batting collapse Tuesday that highlighted its potential flaws against spin bowling. 
 France coach Raymond Domenech dropped Robert Pires and again didn't call up Nicolas Anelka on Wednesday for the team's upcoming friendly against Poland. 
 Efforts to forge closer ties between the European Union and Libya will depend on the fate of five Bulgarian nurses facing a death sentence there, the new president of the EU's head office said Wednesday. 
 African countries are facing a health crisis because they lack enough medical personnel to attend to the sick, a top international health official told a summit of government ministers and researchers Thursday. 
 South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun said he will not tolerate the development of nuclear weapons by North Korea, but warned a "hard-line policy" against the communist country could lead to grave consequences. 
 Ninety people have been infected with hepatitis in a central Romanian city _ half of those stricken are children, a television station reported Wednesday. 
 A federal judge has agreed to delay the trial of a Palestinian former professor suspected of terrorist ties, in part because of publicity about the case during Florida's U.S. Senate race and the amount of evidence that attorneys must study. 
 Estonian Defense Minister Margus Hanson said Wednesday he would resign after authorities said he would be investigated in connection with the theft of confidential documents from his home. 
 Thousands of cocktail waitresses, housekeepers, bellhops and other workers returned to their jobs Thursday, ending a monthlong strike that hit them in the pocketbook and cost this gambling town visitors. 
 Challenged by the U.N. nuclear chief to prove their nuclear programs are peaceful, North Korea said it would scrap its "nuclear deterrence" if the United States ended its hostile policy and Iran said negotiations with three European countries may "bring fruit." 
 The Coca-Cola Co. is lowering its long-term targets for earnings and sales volume growth amid continuing weakness in key markets including North America. But the world's biggest soft drink company also plans to boost spending on marketing its core brands. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday urged insurgents in the Iraqi city of Fallujah to lay down their arms and participate in peaceful elections. 
 A translator employed at the U.S. military base close to the Iraqi capital was found dead Wednesday in western Baghdad, a police officer said. 
 A foreign submarine sneaked into Israeli waters last week, cruising the coastline near Lebanon before being detected and slipping away, Israeli authorities said Monday. 
 Manchester United and England striker Wayne Rooney escaped unhurt after a car crash on the way to training. 
 China says it has signed an agreement with the United States to install a direct phone link between its foreign minister and the U.S. secretary of state. 
 A large fire erupted Sunday in a main oil pipeline in the south after smugglers broke the line to steal oil, firefighters said. 
 Attorney General John Ashcroft and Commerce Secretary Don Evans resigned Tuesday, the first members of President George W. Bush's Cabinet to leave as he headed from re-election into his second term. 
 Tiger Woods survived soggy conditions Thursday to fire a 5-under-par 65 and take a three-stroke lead after the first round of the Dunlop Phoenix. 
 An international panel headed by Nobel-prize winner Elie Wiesel said Thursday that pro-Nazi Romanian authorities killed hundreds of thousands of Jews and tens of thousands of Gypsies during World War II. 
 Hollywood writers have approved a three-year, $58 million (euro44 million) contract with studios, producers and TV networks, union officials said. 
 Norway's national petroleum fund posted a 1.4 percent return on its investments during the third quarter of 2004, an increase from the year-ago period that was the result of rising prices worldwide. 
 The European Court of Human Rights on Tuesday threw out complaints by a group of Iraqi women who claimed Turkish troops had killed their husbands or sons during a 1995 military incursion against Kurdish militants in northern Iraq. 
 Prosecutors in Parma are wrapping up their inquiry into the massive fraud scandal at Parmalat and will soon seek indictments on several charges, including criminal association, against the dairy company's founder and others, a newspaper said Friday. 
 Virender Sehwag was an early casualty Wednesday as India got off to a shaky start in a rain-delayed fourth and final test against Australia, before the weather forced an early tea. 
 The prosecution in Michael Jackson's child molestation case has accused the defense of abusing the judicial process with sweeping demands for medical records of the alleged victim and his family, including gynecological records for his mother and information on his 3-month-old brother. 
 New York City unveiled detailed plans for its 2012 Olympics bid, promising to beam the Olympic rings into the night sky over Manhattan, illuminate the Empire State Building with the national colors of competing countries and plaster practically every available surface with Olympics-related advertising. 
 Clashes between U.S. forces and insurgents Saturday in northern Iraq left one Iraqi killed and 10 others injured in the crossfire, a hospital official said. 
 Federal regulators are investigating more than a dozen major brokerage firms for possibly executing some stock trades in ways that favor the firms at the expense of their customers, people familiar with the matter said Monday. 
 Marcus Tanaka scored a second-half goal Saturday as Urawa Reds defeated Shimizu S-Pulse 2-1 to close in on the second-stage title of the J-League's first division. 
 Nearly 4,000 Palestinians have been made homeless because of Israeli house demolitions in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during four years of conflict, a human rights group said in a report released Monday. 
 At least two women were killed and more than a dozen injured when hundreds of people scrambled for free clothes being given out in northwestern Bangladesh ahead of a Muslim festival, a news report said Friday. 
 Americans are feeling more optimistic about the general direction of the country since the presidential election and have an improved image of President George W. Bush, despite continuing doubts about the economy, a poll released Friday found. 
 New Zealand lost it tour opening cricket match against New South Wales by nine wickets Sunday when Phil Jaques and Matthew Phelps combined for a 100-run partnership to guide the hosts to a successful chase of 129. 
 French President Jacques Chirac hailed outgoing U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell as a man who was "very respectful of others and a man of vision," a presidential spokesman said Tuesday. 
 People who are forced to flee their homes but remain in their countries must be protected and granted rights, officials at a meeting of a 55-nation trans-Atlantic security group said Thursday. 
 Reggina's Brazilian captain Santos Mozart has been suspended for failing an anti-doping test, the Serie A club said Friday. 
 Hoping to avoid the government's ire, the creator of a reality TV show that helps furious lovers track down and confront their philandering mates is trying to tone down the show's tawdriness. 
 A bus carrying 48 people fell off a bridge in southern Russia on Sunday, injuring seven, rescue officials said. 
 In a candid interview with his time in office running out, Secretary of State Colin Powell is acknowledging differences with others in the Bush administration and suggesting that the disputes centered on his preference for diplomacy over force to resolve problems. 
 The State Department will ask with the Chinese government about comments by a former senior Chinese official who accused President George W. Bush of trying to "rule over the whole world." 
 A Russian cargo ship chartered by a Cambodian owner sank in the Sea of Japan on Tuesday, leaving one sailor dead and seven others missing, officials said. 
 Suspected Islamic militants exploded a bomb and fought gunbattles with government forces Saturday, leaving at least 14 dead and overshadowing a visit by India's home minister to the Indian portion of Kashmir. 
 Nearly 350 families belonging to a radical landless workers' group seized a farm owned by the Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Unification Church in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso do Sul, local media reported Saturday. 
 Vice President Dick Cheney, who has a history of heart trouble, was being taken to a hospital on Saturday for tests after experiencing some shortness of breath, a White House spokesman said. 
 Republicans defeated three veteran Texas Democrats and snatched an open Democratic seat in Kentucky as they glided toward extending their decade-long control of the House. 
 Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived Thursday in Brazil in a bid to strengthen trade ties with South America's biggest economy and obtain recognition of his country as a market economy. 
 Nicolas Sarkozy has taken one stop closer to a bid for the French presidency, taking the helm of President Jacques Chirac's party. 
 The editorial page editor of The Florida Times-Union retired after a committee found instances of plagiarism and improperly attributed material in editorials, the publisher announced in Tuesday's editions. 
 Drug and nutritional products maker Perrigo Co. is buying pharmaceutical company Agis Industries Ltd. for $818 million (euro631.4 million) as part of its effort to expand into the generic prescription drug market. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair sought consensus with President George W. Bush to make peace in the Middle East an urgent priority, exploring whether the death of Yasser Arafat offers new avenues for restarting Israeli-Palestinian talks. 
 Six Nations champion France muscled out Australia 27-14 and Ireland upset Tri-Nations holder South Africa 17-12 for the first time in 39 years in international rugby on Saturday. 
 Suspected Iraqi insurgents have demanded the release of Abu Ghraib prisoners and a huge ransom in exchange for the freedom of an American and a Filipino taken hostage last week in Baghdad, Philippine officials said Tuesday. 
 Motorola Inc., which is introducing 20 new cell phones as it tries to avoid slipping to No. 3 in the market, signaled its confidence Wednesday for strong holiday sales and said there are no further product delays in sight. 
 Val Kilmer sings his way through plagues and out of slavery in a production that one critic has labeled a "big, fat biblical boondoggle." 
 The European Union's head office said it filed a complaint at the World Trade Organization on Monday against the United States and Canada for not lifting sanctions against the EU over its ban on imports of hormone-treated beef. 
 Maria Sharapova won the last six games to overcome an injured Serena Williams 4-6, 6-2, 6-4 for the WTA Championships title on Monday night in a rematch of their Wimbledon final. 
 Gold opened at US$442.15 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, down US$4.00 an ounce from Thursday's close of US$446.15. 
 Greece complained to the European Union and NATO on Tuesday over alleged violations of its Aegean Sea airspace by Turkish jet fighters. 
 Less than a week after celebrating his team's victory in the World Series, Boston Red Sox outfielder Manny Ramirez is in Japan for some sushi and more baseball. 
 Half-centuries by Ian Bell on debut and captain Michael Vaughan led England to a five-wicket victory over Zimbabwe in the first one-day cricket international at Harare Sports Club on Sunday. 
 A woman and her boyfriend are accused of plotting to sacrifice the woman's three children on a church altar. 
 Vincent D'Onofrio, star of the TV series "Law & Order: Criminal Intent," was back in a hospital after fainting for the second time in a week. 
 A former envoy for Afghanistan's Taliban leadership was arrested Thursday for allegedly filing false income tax returns. 
 The biggest test yet of an experimental pill that promises to help people lose weight and stop smoking found that it helped people not only lose weight but also keep it off for two years _ longer than any other diet drug. Cholesterol and other health measures improved, too. 
 Displaced people who were kicked out of a camp in Sudan's war-torn Darfur region returned to find the site destroyed and its generators and water pump looted, the United Nations said Friday. 
 A soccer fan was hospitalized Wednesday after clashes broke out between supporters of crosstown first division rivals AEK Athens and Panathinaikos, police said. 
 Just as former Germany international Mehmet Scholl was being celebrated for a remarkable comeback from injury, the unlucky Bayern Munich midfielder was let down again by his frail body. 
 The Catholic Diocese of Tucson started placing ads in publications to notify abuse victims that they must file a claim by a certain date or lose their right to seek compensation. 
 The British and Irish prime ministers, Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, made a new push Wednesday to secure a power-sharing deal between the two largest and most hard-line parties in Northern Ireland. 
 Over one of the toughest courses the marathon offers, against one of the strongest fields ever assembled, Paula Radcliffe ran the way she always does: like a metronome. 
 A federal panel that has spent two years reviewing studies of Gulf War illnesses recommends focusing future research on the effects of the toxic substances that veterans encountered during the 1991 conflict. 
 European stocks pulled back from multi-month peaks Tuesday with auto stocks going into reverse after a bearish industry survey pointed to lower car sales. 
 At least 100 Delta Air Lines Inc. pilots are expected to retire effective Wednesday, the start date for a 32.5-percent pay cut agreed upon in a $1 billion (euro750 million) concessions package aimed at saving the nation's third largest air carrier from bankruptcy. 
 In a highly awaited report spawned by the deep divide over the war in Iraq, an international panel has made over 100 recommendations on how to deal with global threats in the 21st century, including the use of preemptive strikes and the expansion of the U.N. Security Council, according to highlights obtained by The Associated Press. 
 Gold opened at US$431.55 an ounce on Tuesday in Hong Kong, down US$3.20 an ounce from Monday's close of US$434.75. 
 Bangladeshi authorities deployed 5,000 riot police in the capital ahead of a planned anti-government strike on Wednesday, police said. 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said Friday that Ivory Coast international defender Emmanuel Eboue will join countryman Kolo Toure in the Gunners squad when the transfer window opens in January. 
 The possibility of harmonizing European tax laws dominated talks Tuesday between French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy and Czech officials, including Prime Minister Stanislav Gross. 
 Lawyers should be able to decide the best trial defense for prospective death row inmates even it if means conceding the defendant's guilt without his explicit consent, a government lawyer told the Supreme Court on Tuesday. 
 Gold closed at US$436.25 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, up US$1.80 an ounce from Thursday's close of US$434.45. 
 The top U.S. commander in Iraq, Gen. George Casey, told President George W. Bush that his troops are "making very good progress" securing Iraq, as U.S. forces and their Iraqi allies essentially paralyzed insurgent forces in Fallujah and cut off their escape routes from the city. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court refused Monday to reinstate a lawsuit that accuses two German companies of assisting in the massacre of thousands of people in Namibia a century ago. 
 Two U.S. convoys came under attack Sunday in and near Baghdad, leaving one U.S. soldier dead and another injured, the U.S. military said. 
 A high-speed train that derailed in eastern Australia, injuring more than 120 people, was likely traveling too fast when it jumped its tracks, slamming into trees and tossing passengers from their seats, the train operator said Wednesday. 
 Playboy Enterprises Inc. on Tuesday said it rebounded to post a third-quarter profit as advertising rose sharply at the company's flagship magazine. 
 An army major convicted of taking part in an assassination attempt on a left-wing politician has broken out of a military prison _ the latest in an embarrassing series of escapes that have authorities looking into whether the former officers are aided by prison officials. 
 Prime Minister John Howard's legislative agenda for a historic fourth term will be outlined Tuesday when parliament convenes for the first time since elections on Oct. 9. 
 Despite its nervousness over the presidential election, Wall Street extended its rally Tuesday, pushing stocks higher as investors welcomed a drop in oil prices to the $50 per barrel level. 
 Gunmen raided a family picnic and kidnapped the mother of Santos striker Robinho, a highly sought after player by European clubs, police said Sunday. 
 Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase and his left-wing party face a tough challenge from the centrist opposition in Sunday's presidential and parliamentary elections. 
 Iraq's most feared terror leader warned insurgents in an audiotape found Monday on an Islamist Web site that the Americans will move on other guerrilla strongholds after Fallujah and urged rebels to strike first. 
 Roy Makaay ended a seven-game scoring drought Saturday with a goal and two assists, lifting Bayern Munich past Hannover 96 3-0 and moving it within a point of Bundesliga leader Wolfsburg. 
 Experiments in which new cancer drugs are tested on patients are not as risky as they were a decade ago, according to a study that found a sharp drop in deaths from 1991 to 2002. 
 It's "100 years of Solitude," squeezed into 14 hours. 
 Fallingwater it was not: From its wind-stripped shingles to an embarrassing overgrowth of weeds and bramble, the erstwhile beach house on Lake Michigan's shore did little to declare itself a creation of the architectural luminary Frank Lloyd Wright. 
 Two top executives of scandal-tarred insurance firm Marsh Inc. have been ousted, the company said, the latest casualties of an industry probe by New York's attorney general. 
 A Russian cargo ship with 28 crew members aboard went missing in the Sea of Japan _ the second catastrophe in a gale off Russia's Pacific coast in just one day, officials said Wednesday. 
 Kerry Packer's media and gambling empire will invest US$163 million (euro126 million) for a 28 percent stake in a luxury hotel and casino in Macau, Packer's company said Tuesday. 
 Portugual's finance minister was hospitalized Friday because of high blood pressure, the Health Ministry said. 
 The head of the Swiss rehabilitation clinic where Italian firebrand politician Umberto Bossi spent months recovering from a stroke has pronounced him fit to resume politics, according to an interview published Sunday in a Swiss magazine. 
 Israel will do "everything in its power" to enable Palestinian elections to take place, Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said Monday, after meeting with outgoing U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell. 
 A ship commander was arrested on charges of stealing more than 600 tons of steel, which he allegedly intended to export by using false documents, authorities said Sunday. 
 Mexican singer Luis Miguel said the new album he released on Tuesday, "Mexico en la piel," roughly "Mexico Under my Skin," marks a return to his musical roots. 
 Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia pledged Thursday to maintain order and enforce the rule of law in Palestinian areas as authorities prepare for elections to replace Yasser Arafat. 
 Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi is dispatching envoys to neighboring Arab states to win support for his handling of the situation in his homeland, torn by a 17-month insurgency, a government spokesman said Sunday. 
 South Korean regulators have widened a probe into Microsoft's local subsidiary over allegations the U.S. software giant violated trade rules by tying its Media Player program to its Windows operating system, the regulators said Monday. 
 DHL express delivery service is moving its intercontinental hub from Belgium to Leipzig, Germany, a decision made after Belgian authorities refused to allow increased night flights over the country's capital, DHL's parent company said Tuesday. 
 Singapore's founding father Lee Kuan Yew says British society has become "rougher" over the past half century, and the country's politicians and media now denigrate excellence, a newspaper reported Monday. 
 President Hugo Chavez's spokesman on Friday accused "terrorists" training in the United States of being behind the assassination of a state attorney who intended to prosecute backers of Venezuela's 2002 coup. 
 A former professional football player accused of firing shots into the Las Vegas compound of entertainers Siegfried & Roy may seek an insanity defense, his attorney said Friday. 
 A trial opened Monday over whether a warning sticker in suburban Atlanta biology textbooks that says evolution is "a theory, not a fact" violates the separation of church and state by promoting religion. 
 A strong earthquake hit Taiwan late Monday night, shaking buildings in the capital, Taipei, for several seconds. No injuries or serious damage was immediately reported. 
 Investors turned to profit-taking Monday, leaving stocks mixed after nearly two weeks of solid gains. Another drop in oil prices limited the market's losses. 
 Britain's top family law judge has no time for Batman and Robin. 
 Newcastle manager Graeme Souness was charged with improper conduct by the Football Association after he was sent off during Sunday's 4-1 loss to Fulham. 
 FC Vitkovice became the third team to have points deducted at the end of the season as punishment for its involvement in a referee bribery scandal, an official said Thursday. 
 The South African cricket team arrived in Bombay on Friday ahead of its two-test series against India. 
 The once Indomitable Lions are in disarray. 
 Three-time former winner Marcus Gronholm of Finland made a strong start to the Rally Australia on Thursday, steering his Peugeot to a slim early lead after the first stage. 
 List of winners at the 2004 MTV Europe Music Awards: 
 Shanghai is cracking down on gamblers drawn to an ancient bloodsport forcing opponents into a gruesome battle to the death: cricket fighting. 
 Nokia Corp. said Thursday it has filed patent infringement complaints against Vitelcom of Spain over Nokia's GSM and GPRS technologies. 
 Wholesale costs _ catapulted by more expensive energy and food _ soared last month by the largest amount in more than 14 years. 
 An actor died a week after suffering a heart attack on stage while playing a winged angel in a drama with Mikhail Baryshnikov. 
 Tens of thousands of hunters and their hounds raced through the countryside on horseback Saturday, opening a fox-hunting season that could be one of Britain's last. 
 Suspected separatist rebels lobbed a grenade at a paramilitary vehicle but missed, causing an explosion that wounded 21 people outside a mosque after Ramadan prayers, an officer said. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange were higher at midday Thursday. 
 Kicking off the first state visit to Mexico by a Swiss president, Joseph Deiss discussed trade and international security issues with Mexican President Vicente Fox. 
 Tokyo's main index climbed 1.6 percent Friday, encouraged by Wall Street's surge overnight and a retreat in oil prices, shrugging off weaker-than-expected data on Japanese growth. The U.S. dollar was lower against the yen. 
 Germany's SAP AG, the world's largest business software company, has begun wooing worried customers away from Silicon Valley rival Peoplesoft _ embroiled in a hostile takeover bid by Oracle, a top official said Tuesday. 
 Serbia's Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica said Sunday that his government cannot arrest war crimes suspects sought by the U.N. tribunal because it would undermine the Balkan republic's stability. 
 Equatorial Guinea prosecutors confirmed Thursday they have charged Mark Thatcher, son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, in an alleged coup plot in the oil-rich west African nation. 
 Saddam Hussein's family has dismissed a prominent Jordanian lawyer who led the defense team of the ousted Iraqi dictator, accusing him of seeking fame in the high-profile case which has drawn world attention, other members of the legal team said Tuesday. 
 Several faculty members at Hamilton College are protesting the school's decision to hire a visiting professor who was convicted of possessing explosives as a former leftist radical in the 1980s. 
 Defending World Cup champion Brazil suffered another setback in South American qualifying Wednesday, while two-time champion Argentine held off a stubborn Venezuela 3-2 to take over first place in the 10-team group. 
 European stocks ended higher Tuesday, boosted by Monday's fall in the oil price, but uncertainty ahead of the U.S. presidential election capped market gains. 
 Lawyers should be able to decide the best trial defense for prospective death row inmates even if means conceding the defendant's guilt without his explicit consent, a government lawyer told the Supreme Court on Tuesday. 
 Denmark coach Morton Olsen can't understand why Thomas Helveg, one of Europe's most experienced defenders, can't get a start for Norwich, the last place team in the Premier League which is yet to win a game. 
 St. Vincent's prime minister urged more Caribbean governments to help LIAT airlines emerge from its financial crisis, saying the carrier was vital to the region's transportation network. 
 Most cast their ballots weeks ago, and some will have to hunt down a television to find constant coverage of Tuesday's U.S. election. 
 By AMY BRACKEN 
 Pakistan's prime minister said Tuesday he wants better relations with other Asian countries, including rival India, but also urged a resolution of the two nuclear-armed nations' dispute over the Himalayan territory of Kashmir. 
 The Albanian parliament decided Tuesday to hold a debate next week on allegations by a lawmaker that Prime Minister Fatos Nano was involved in arms trafficking to Kosovo. 
 Amnesty International is asking the Defense Department whether the military used Taser electric stun guns on prisoners in Iraq or Afghanistan, saying it is uneasy about reports of mistreatment and abuse. 
 A brief look at this weekend's English Premier League games: 
 Prosecutors on Friday published a U.S. forensic expert's final report on the election-eve shooting of Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian, but it provided no new clues to the mystery and appeared unlikely to quell speculation that it was a political stunt. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Japanese technology company Kyocera Corp. will become the chief sponsor of Borussia Moenchengladbach on Jan. 1, the Bundesliga club said Thursday. 
 Germany wants to strengthen relations with Guatemala that have been on ice for three decades since guerrillas killed a former German ambassador, Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said Tuesday during a one-day visit. 
 The European Commission said Tuesday "all options remain open" in its review of Italy's proposed rescue plan of ailing national carrier Alitalia SpA. 
 French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy urged the United States Monday to take steps to reduce its massive current account deficit, saying market concern about it is weakening the dollar. 
 Wednesday's Champions League game between Anderlecht and Valencia offers a last chance for both teams. 
 Two men have been arrested in Belgium in connection with the largest shipment of ecstasy ever seized in Australia, police said Monday. 
 The Dutch secret service thought the alleged killer of filmmaker Theo van Gogh was just a bit player in an Islamic terrorist network in Amsterdam before the murder last week turned the Netherlands upside down, government officials said. 
 RESERVE CALL-UP: About 4,400 soldiers from the Individual Ready Reserve have been notified they must get back in uniform. In all, the Army plans to involuntarily call more than 5,600 reservists back to duty. 
 Japan on Tuesday warned it would consider withholding food aid for North Korea and other sanctions after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago. 
 Baked chicken catered by a well-known polygamist should be boycotted at an Islamic conference being held in Indonesia, a former president's wife said Tuesday. 
 Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz was scheduled to arrive in Sri Lanka on Sunday as part of a regional tour to include talks in India to promote peaceful relations between the bitter rivals, news reports said. 
 A man who was wrongly arrested during a massive police crackdown against crime in 2003 has won a compensation claim against the authorities, a human rights group said Tuesday. 
 A television reporter was convicted of criminal contempt Thursday for refusing to say who gave him an FBI videotape showing a city official taking a bribe. 
 Reasons to move to Canada, as cited by www.canadianalternative.com: 
 The U.S. dollar edged higher against the Japanese yen Friday morning as investors cautiously watched for signs of Japanese central bank intervention after the American currency fell to nearly an eight-month low the day before. Tokyo stocks bounced back. 
 Scotland rugby union coach Matt Williams rewarded the players who crushed Japan 100-8 last weekend by naming the same starting lineup to take on Australia in Saturday's test at Hampden Park. 
 A teenager in Southern California was convicted of attempted murder for shooting his pregnant girlfriend at the clinic where she went to get an abortion. 
 Four Romanian citizens were killed and four others seriously injured Friday in a car crash in western Hungary, police said. 
 Ford Motor Co. is preparing to notify up to 740,000 owners of Ford Explorer and Mercury Mountaineer sport utility vehicles about a possible transmission problem, a company spokeswoman said. 
 Interior ministers of Iraq's neighboring states plus Egypt will convene for a two-day meeting in Tehran on Nov. 30, Iran's official news agency reported Saturday. 
 The chief organizer of the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics withdrew his threat to resign Thursday after resolving a dispute with government officials over control of the games. 
 The dollar firmed modestly Monday against its European counterparts, helped by plunging oil prices and some verbal support from officials at a two-day meeting of European finance ministers. 
 Opposition parties in Portugal are demanding an explanation from the prime minister after a watchdog body accused the government of trying to muzzle its critics in the media. 
 Leading Asian economies South Korea and Singapore concluded a free trade agreement during a regional summit in Laos, the South Korean government announced Monday. 
 Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced Tuesday he has withdrawn his threat to resign over his premier's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank. 
 A surge in migration at the end of the 20th Century shows no sign of letting up _ but is keeping populations from declining in Europe, stimulating economic growth in the United States and providing a much-needed source of foreign income for poor nations, a U.N. report says. 
 A government institute published Tuesday some of the files maintained by the country's former secret police, an official said. 
 The son of Vietnam's most notorious crime boss has been sentenced to nine years in jail for drug possession and illegal use of fire arms, state-controlled media reported Wednesday. 
 Hong Kong police briefly shut the Israeli Consulate ahead of a visit by the country's foreign minister after an employee reported a suspicious package that turned out to be a clock, police said Tuesday. 
 U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage has canceled a planned visit to Sri Lanka next week because of "unexpected change in travel plans," the U.S. Embassy said Thursday. 
 U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft is likely to leave his post before the start of President Bush's second term, senior aides said Thursday. 
 At the White House's request, confirmation hearings for Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state will not begin until Congress reconvenes in January, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said Sunday. 
 Jessica Simpson has been sued by a California cosmetics company that claims it is still owed nearly $200,000 (euro155,570) for products it supplied for the "Dessert" beauty line the singer endorses. 
 "Imagine it's your mother!" an Iraqi man shouts, demanding the Marine open a bridge north of Fallujah so an ailing woman can get medical treatment. 
 Monkeys lurking at an ancient Hindu temple in India's northeast have attacked up to 300 children over three weeks, temple officials said Tuesday. 
 Xiang Liu's world record equaling run in the 110 meters hurdles at the Athens Olympic Games was ratified Wednesday by the International Association of Athletic Federations. 
 Albania's Parliament appealed Wednesday to Macedonia's population not to take part in a referendum next week aimed at blocking legislation granting ethnic Albanians greater autonomy, saying it would threaten peace and stability in the region. 
 Four Mexican states will be choosing a new governor on Sunday. The Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, which controlled Mexico's presidency from 1929 until 2000, is leading pre-election polls in three of the races. Here is a look at the candidates: 
 Today is Sunday, Dec. 5, the 339th day of 2004. There are 26 days left in the year. 
 Australian fast bowler Jason Gillespie sparked an Indian collapse Thursday before spinner Anil Kumble hit back with five wickets as bowlers dominated the second day of the fourth test. 
 Fifteen Iraqi diplomats will start training in South Korea this week as part of Seoul's efforts to improve relations with the Arab country where it has deployed troops, the Foreign Ministry said Tuesday. 
 Burundian President Domitien Ndayizeye sacked Vice President Alphonse Kadege Wednesday, accusing him of undermining efforts to end the country's 11-year civil war, an official said. 
 Yasser Arafat was laid to rest Friday, as Muslim clerics prayed by his gravesite. 
 A judge Friday ordered the release of 10 former government officials arrested on suspicion of embezzling US$33 million from a state program that helped taxi and bus drivers buy new vehicles. 
 He arrived as "Berti McVogts", the anticipated savior of Scottish soccer. 
 An American soldier who vanished from his Army unit in 1965 pleaded guilty Wednesday to deserting the military and fleeing to North Korea to avoid dangerous duty on the Korean peninsula and Vietnam. He faced a maximum sentence of life in prison. 
 India's telecommunication watchdog urged the government Thursday to give it financial autonomy by allowing it to receive a share of revenues from phone and television operators. 
 A former oilfield worker was executed Thursday for the fatal beating and slashing of a college student who was abducted while home on spring break. 
 Latvian ice hockey star Sergei Zholtok died from heart failure after he collapsed while playing a game in Belarus, medical officials said Friday. 
 Vietnamese President Tran Duc Luong paid a surprise visit to Fidel Castro on Monday on his way to a meeting of Pacific Rim leaders in South America. 
 A plane crash in the Amazon killed two French journalists working for National Geographic magazine and the Brazilian pilot, officials said Friday. 
 Tokyo stocks plunged Tuesday morning as investors were discouraged by Japan's weaker-than-expected industrial output for October. The U.S. dollar was up against the Japanese yen. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Sunday's Round 13 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 Aided by a major U.S. crackdown on Internet child-porn, Italian paramilitary police raided dozens of homes across Italy before dawn Saturday, seizing personal computers, videocassettes, CD-ROMs and DVDs with pedophiliac images. 
 Five Albanian newspapers expressed their surprise Thursday upon learning they had been fined a week ago during a lawsuit opposing the presidents of two soccer clubs. 
 Coast guard officers detained 62 illegal immigrants on an eastern Aegean Sea island Tuesday after the boat that was ferrying them from Turkey was disabled in a storm, the Merchant Marine Ministry said. 
 Atlanta Thrashers star Dany Heatley was taken to hospital late Saturday after a teammate hit him in the eye with the puck, his Swiss League hockey team, S.C. Bern, said. 
 2004_Johan Santana-x, Minnesota 
 Austrian motorcycle racer Erwin Wilding was hospitalized in serious condition on Thursday after his Honda 1000cc bike crashed against a side barrier and exploded in flames during a qualifying round at the 38th Macau Motorcycle Grand Prix. 
 Pakistan's cricket team Wednesday arrived in the eastern Indian metropolis of Calcutta for a limited-over international amid heavy security. 
 Philadelphia goaltender Robert Esche apologized to NHL commissioner Gary Bettman for calling him a "madman," Flyers general manager Bob Clarke said. 
 South Korea's president arrived Tuesday on a state visit to Britain, where he will be feted by Queen Elizabeth II and will meet Prime Minister Tony Blair to discuss the nuclear standoff with North Korea. 
 Environmentalists urged Antigua's government Saturday to close a dolphin park, saying contamination could be harming nine dolphins and surrounding businesses. 
 Opposition parties rebuked the conservative government Monday for extending Portugal's police mission in Iraq, but officials insisted the force was needed to provide security for planned elections there in January. 
 Poland's president expressed his condolences Thursday to Palestinians over the death of Yasser Arafat, but said he sees the passing of the "colorful and controversial" figure as a chance for fresh peace efforts in the Middle East. 
 Inhabitants of this highland Andean city stopped working Monday and declared a 24-hour strike to demand a share of royalties for the Camisea natural gas pipeline. 
 Spanish police are investigating reports that a suspect in the killing of Dutch film director Theo van Gogh is linked to a Moroccan jailed in Spain over last year's terror bombing in Casablanca, Morocco, officials said Wednesday. 
 Vietnam will consider reducing the number of offenses punishable by death due to an international "trend of humanization and democracy," state-controlled media reported Friday. 
 California's attorney general has urged the judge in the Michael Jackson child molestation case to reject a bid by the pop star to remove the Santa Barbara County prosecutor's office from the case. 
 Manchester United only needs a point against Lyon on Tuesday to reach the second phase of the Champions League. A victory would better mark manager Alex Ferguson's 1,000th match in charge. 
 Facts about major environmental problems in Indonesia: 
 Farmers said Tuesday they are investigating alternatives to slicing flesh from live sheep to prevent them from becoming infested with flies, after animal advocates urged a boycott of Australian wool to protest the "grossly inhumane" practice. 
 Palestinian militant leaders on Thursday publicly accused Israel of killing Yasser Arafat. 
 Yasser Arafat will be buried in soil taken from the Al Aqsa Mosque compound, a senior Palestinian official said Thursday. 
 President Robert Mugabe's ruling party holds its annual congress this week, but observers of his authoritarian regime say the meeting is unlikely to produce any dramatic developments like last year's announcement Zimbabwe was quitting the Commonwealth. 
 Thirteen prisoners convicted of killing Grenada's leader and Cabinet ministers in a 1983 coup should be released because their rights were repeatedly violated during trial, their lawyer told an appeals court Tuesday. 
 Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, 2005, pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader following the death of Yasser Arafat. 
 Elizabeth Edwards, the wife of former vice presidential candidate John Edwards, will undergo more tests to determine how far her breast cancer has advanced and ways to treat it. 
 Gold closed at US$428.95 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$3.20 an ounce from Friday's close of US$425.75. 
 Arsonists broke into a radio and television station in a southeastern Nigerian state Wednesday and burned it down, and the governor accused his opposition and the police of complicity. 
 Australian snooker great Eddie Charlton kept up a heavy schedule of public appearances in recent weeks in spite of a serious medical condition, family members said. 
 Election officials in one Ohio county found that about 2,600 ballots were double-counted, and two other counties have discovered possible cases of people voting twice in the presidential election. 
 Barry Bonds won his record seventh NL MVP on Monday, capping a season of suspicion and success to become the oldest player to win the award. 
 Moldova's top negotiator with Russian-speaking separatists who control an eastern province of this former Soviet country said Friday that settlement talks between the two sides won't be restarted until the separatists stop asking for independence. 
 The U.S. State Department on Wednesday issued a statement warning Americans about the dangers of street crime in Guatemala, after a rash of recent attacks on tourists. 
 World Figure Skating Championships runner-up Sasha Cohen will miss her second Grand Prix series event because of a lingering back injuring, withdrawing Wednesday from next week's Cup of China. 
 EDITOR'S NOTE _ President George W. Bush has outlined an ambitious agenda for his second term, from bringing stability to Iraq to simplifying the tax laws at home. This is one in a series of stories examining the specifics of his proposals, domestic and foreign. 
 Syria has released a writer-researcher who was detained without charge for 33 days, his lawyer said Friday. 
 The Russian government plans to sell a majority stake in the main production unit of the embattled Yukos oil company at an auction scheduled for Dec. 19, the Interfax news agency reported Friday. 
 A court sentenced a Christian separatist leader to nine years in jail for plotting a rebellion in Indonesia's religiously divided Maluku province, a report said Tuesday. 
 Germany's governing party Saturday called for a broad debate on ending the draft and moving to an all-professional army, a sensitive topic because of the legacy of past German militarism. 
 Name the affliction, and Lloyd "Lee" Henry swears he can beat it. Chronic headaches? Cured in a couple of days. Kidney stones? Kicked in a few weeks. AIDS? Well, he says he's working on it. 
 Today is Saturday, Nov. 13, the 317th day of 2004. There are 48 days left in the year. 
 Three Iraqi contractors captured by militants were freed by U.S. Marines during a raid on a town bordering Syria, the military said Thursday. 
 In another blow to U.N. officials in Kosovo, moderate Serbs who took part in last month's general election announced Wednesday they would not take up their parliamentary seats until the beleaguered minority is granted self-rule. 
 Murmuring "God is great," two dozen Iraqi men collected corpses Tuesday in a U.S. Marine-directed effort to rid Fallujah of festering bodies in keeping with Muslim burial principles. 
 Arms experts say there are scores of weapons sites across Iraq. Key sites include: 
 Pakistani authorities have arrested the alleged mastermind of a deadly bombing near the U.S. Consulate in Karachi two years ago but another key member of his network is still on the run, a senior official said Thursday. 
 Former soldiers demanding the reinstatement of the army sparred with U.N. peacekeepers Thursday when the armed men tried to leave their compound for a march marking the anniversary of a Napoleanic battle that led to Haiti's independence. 
 France's foreign minister, congratulating Condoleezza Rice on her nomination as U.S. secretary of state, said he wants to work with her on terrorism, Afghanistan and other issues, his ministry said Thursday. 
 A court in Nigeria's capital on Tuesday threw out a bid by political and ethnic leaders to prevent a disputed territory in oil-rich waters from being handed over to Cameroon. 
 Oscar-winning actress Patty Duke Pearce was up and walking Friday, two days after cardiac surgery, officials said. 
 Putnam Investments said Monday it will cut about 100 jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company Marsh & McLennan Cos. Inc. said it would lay off 3,000 workers across all its units. 
 Majority Republicans pocketed an open Democratic Senate seat in Georgia as they battled for renewed control in a string of races across the South and West. Democratic Leader Tom Daschle faced strong oppposition for a new term in South Dakota. 
 Telecommunications company Swisscom AG reported Wednesday that third-quarter net income fell 10 percent and said it would cut about 390 jobs next year. 
 James Bond's moon buggy from the film "Diamonds are Forever" is up for sale, Christie's auctioneers said Wednesday. 
 At least eight people died and 61 went missing when a powerful typhoon lashed the northern Philippines, toppling trees, capsizing boats and damaging farmland, officials said Monday. 
 NATO-led peacekeepers on Friday searched an industrial compound which was the office of war crimes suspect Radovan Karadzic during Bosnia's 1992-95 war. 
 Ukrainian voters face an array of tensions in the weekend presidential runoff _ whether the victor will be a Western-inclined reformer or a Kremlin favorite, and whether unrest will break out if the vote count is alleged to be fraudulent. 
 Insurgents launched deadly attacks Sunday against police stations in western Anbar province for the second day in a row, killing at least 22 people, police and hospital officials said. 
 Supporters of House Majority Leader Tom DeLay proposed a Republican rules change that would protect the Texan's leadership position if he were to be indicted by a Texas grand jury that already has charged three of his associates. 
 France's government said Wednesday it has asked power and gas utilities Electricite de France and Gaz de France to prepare for their partial privatization in 2005. 
 Cuba and Panama agreed on Friday to restore consular relations on the sidelines of a 21-nation summit meant to promote education. 
 Strangers have contributed more than $2,600 (euro2,046) to help win the freedom of a man who was jailed for nonpayment of child support eight days after he donated his kidney to someone he met over the Internet, the man's attorney said. 
 ATHENS, Greece _ The Greek government submitted to parliament Thursday an ambitious budget for 2005 that it hopes will bring its deficit below the European Union cap of 3 percent of gross domestic product. 
 Tom Hanks will reunite with director Ron Howard to star in "The Da Vinci Code," the film adaptation of Dan Brown's best seller dissecting the origins of Christianity. 
 Increasing rates of HIV/AIDS is threatening to destroy the social fabric of the Bahamas, the country's top health official said. 
 The European Union said Thursday it was contacting Israeli and Palestinian leaders an an attempt to push Middle East peace efforts forward following the death of Yasser Arafat. 
 Yasser Arafat's health deteriorated significantly over the past day, Palestinian officials said early Thursday. 
 President Vladimir Putin told the chief of the International Monetary Fund on Thursday that Russia may pay off portions of its international debt earlier than initially planned. The IMF head, meanwhile, urged Putin to push ahead with reforms and rein in inflation while Russia's economy enjoys an oil-fueled economic boom. 
 America must begin constructive dialogue with Syria to improve strained relations between both countries, a state-run newspaper said Sunday, adding that recently re-elected U.S. president, George W. Bush, has the chance to reassess his nation's perceived pro-Israeli policies in the Middle East. 
 Some 4,000 people gathered Sunday in a central square of the Moldovan capital to commemorate the 1917 Russian Revolution, in a ceremony which recalled the old Soviet traditions. 
 A Palestinian refugee who spent seven months at Prague's Ruzyne International Airport was granted asylum in Germany, an aid official said Tuesday. 
 An Israeli soldier was shot and killed, apparently by Israeli troops, during a West Bank operation in which a Palestinian was also killed, the army and Palestinian residents said Sunday. 
 After a rough Atlantic crossing, "The Producers" has landed on British shores with tides of laughter and a wave of relief. 
 Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia on Monday asked France to release the medical records of Yasser Arafat, his office said. 
 Mexican first lady Marta Sahagun congratulated her counterpart, Laura Bush, on her husband's electoral victory in the United States during a brief telephone chat Monday. 
 Strong winds severed a cable carrying an empty gondola up one of Austria's most popular alpine ski slopes, sending the car crashing to the ground, authorities said Monday. 
 Barack Obama, the son of a Kenyan father and an American mother who shot from obscurity to political stardom in mere months, trounced Republican Alan Keyes to claim a Senate seat in Illinois. He will be just the third black U.S. senator since the post-Civil War Reconstruction era. 
 Moises Alou figures he's still got a couple of productive seasons left and wants to finish his career on a high note. 
 The government Wednesday denied suggestions that it had been snubbed by U.S. President George W. Bush, who met with former prime minister Jose Maria Aznar even as Aznar's successor waits for Bush to return a phone call congratulating him on his re-election. 
 The World Bank congratulated Bosnian authorities on the establishment of the state Investment Guarantee Agency, a bank official said Wednesday. 
 The retrial of 17 Hindus charged with burning 14 Muslims to death in Indian religious riots in 2002 suffered another setback Thursday when a second witness recanted earlier testimony and was declared hostile by the judge. 
 Police said Saturday they planned to mediate dialogues between local gang members in attempts to lower homicide rates on the island. 
 In what may be his final official overseas trip, Secretary of State Colin Powell plans visits to Bulgaria, Belgium, the Netherlands and Morocco from Dec. 6 to 11. 
 The photo shows Bradford C. Bleidt, a prominent member of Boston's business community, dressed in suit and tie at a party for staff of the business news radio station he was selling as it ramped up to a new 24-hour format. 
 The leader of Germany's conservative opposition stressed Tuesday that she's not a radical reformer who would seek to shake up Germany's welfare-state capitalism if her party achieves power. 
 The wife of a Filipino accountant kidnapped by Iraqi militants appealed Friday for his release, reminding his abductors that there are no longer any Filipino troops in the war-torn nation. 
 Next year's federal budget _ and the government's detailed critique of the document _ arrived in Congress on Tuesday, after President Vicente Fox sent the plan back for major revisions. 
 Prime Minister John Howard said Wednesday he would allow government lawmakers to introduce legislation to Parliament restricting abortions in Australia, setting the stage for a national debate on the potentially divisive issue. 
 A Thai court sentenced a British man to death and another to 33 1/2 years in prison on Monday after they were found in possession of drugs including heroin, methamphetamines and ecstasy. 
 The first independent aid group to enter the Iraqi city of Fallujah after two weeks of fighting saw some civilians, but had to turn back before delivering any assistance because of security concerns, the international Red Cross said Tuesday. 
 General Motors Corp., the world's largest automaker, has seen its business in the volatile Middle East grow more than 60 percent this year, but the company has no presence in Iraq and no immediate plans to re-enter the ravaged country. 
 The long-delayed construction of a commuter rail will be completed soon, possibly allowing trains to be running before Puerto Rico's new governor takes office in January, local officials said. 
 The U.S. State Department said Friday it is encouraging the Dutch government to continue contributing to Iraq's security beyond the scheduled March 15 departure date for Dutch troops. 
 The leader of Hungary's main opposition party on Saturday rejected a request from British Prime Minister Tony Blair seeking support for extending Hungarian troops' deployment in Iraq. 
 The trial of seven people accused of running a child sex abuse ring out of a state-run children's home begins Thursday, two years after a whistle blower exposed the alleged abuses, unleashing a scandal that has gripped Portugal. 
 The government must intervene to prevent the site of the 1915 Battle of Loos in northern France from being turned into a garbage dump, a lawmaker said Thursday. 
 A 25-year-old university worker from Georgia shot and killed himself at the site of the Sept. 11 World Trade Center attacks on Saturday morning, authorities said. 
 A district court in the Netherlands on Monday blocked the extradition of an alleged Kurdish rebel leader wanted in Turkey for her suspected role in a series of bombings in the 1990s. 
 Agricultural credit cooperatives, China's main source of rural financing, issued 193.3 billion yuan (US$23.4 billion; euro 19.1 billion) in new farm loans in the first nine months of the year, up 27.8 percent from the same period a year earlier, the government reported. 
 Israel's army chief told the Israeli Cabinet on Sunday that the military will stop permitting Palestinian security forces in the West Bank from carrying arms in public in the next 24 hours, meeting participants said. 
 An explosion ripped through an apartment in a two-story wooden building in northern Russia, killing a man and forcing the evacuation of more than 50 people, the Emergency Situations Ministry said Sunday. 
 Australia is joining with seven faith-based agencies to combat an HIV/AIDS epidemic in the troubled half-island nation of Papua New Guinea, aid workers said Tuesday. 
 Insurgents stepped up attacks on Iraq's fledgling security forces, killing seven Iraqi police and guardsmen in a suicide bombing hours after storming a police station north of the capital. The U.S. military reported five new American deaths. 
 Israel's military unveiled preparations for foreign dignitaries and Palestinians to attend Yasser Arafat's funeral, as the Palestinian leadership was summoned to Paris where Arafat clung to life in a French hospital. 
 U.S. forces on Sunday found two more bodies, including one of an Iraqi Army soldier, in northern Mosul, a day after the corpses of nine Iraqi soldiers were discovered, and a militant group claimed it had killed 17 Iraqi National Guardsmen. 
 He's so exuberant his teammates sometimes tell him to tone it down. Then again, it's hard to blame Freddy Adu. 
 A woman pleaded guilty Monday to her role in the nation's deadliest human smuggling case _ the deaths of 19 Latin American illegal immigrants crammed into a sweltering trailer. 
 Japan and North Korea will discuss a dispute over the communist country's kidnapping of Japanese citizens during the 1970s and 1980s when officials from the two countries meet for four days in Pyongyang starting Tuesday. 
 Scientists in 17 countries will scout waterways to locate and study the world's largest freshwater fish species, many of which are declining in numbers, hoping to learn how to better protect them, researchers announced Thursday. 
 The French government assured the International Olympic Committee of its seriousness to host the 2012 Olympic Games in Paris on Tuesday, signing financial guarantees for euro2.5 billion (US$3.2 billion) needed to stage the quadrennial event. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday hailed George W. Bush as a "predictable partner" and said that if his lead in the U.S. presidential election is confirmed, it would mean the American people had not given in to the threats of international terrorists. 
 Arabs from Cairo to Kuwait are tuning in to the U.S. presidential election with a remarkable amount of passion and fascination Tuesday, all the while saying it doesn't matter much who sits in the White House for the next four years. 
 Basques singing songs honoring jailed members of the armed separatist group ETA turned out by the thousands Sunday at a festive rally to promote talks to resolve Spain's biggest political impasse _ Basque autonomy. 
 Formula One team Jaguar will race next season after being taken over by drinks company Red Bull on Monday. 
 Gary Mills was dismissed Thursday as manager of struggling lower division side Notts County. 
 The bodies of five seamen were found Tuesday in the Sea of Japan off Russia's Far East coast, rescuers said, a week after two ships disappeared in a storm. 
 The future of controversial European Union legislation that would allow for some software patents was in doubt Thursday after the Polish government switched sides, saying the directive could hurt small and medium-sized businesses. 
 Tens of thousands of Palestinian mourners burst into Yasser Arafat's walled compound on Friday, hoping to watch the burial of the Palestinian leader in the compound where he was held as a virtual prisoner for the last three years of his life. 
 A proposal to settle a lawsuit brought last year by shareholders of PeopleSoft Inc. failed to clear court Wednesday after a judge found it unfairly cut off their right to sue over the company's resistance to a takeover by Oracle Corp. 
 Yasser Arafat is brain dead and kept on life support, an Israeli Cabinet minister said Friday. 
 President Enrique Bolanos on Wednesday asked an appeals court for a protective injunction against an effort to remove him from office. 
 Two North Korean diplomats and their Russian driver were killed in a road accident in Russia's Far East, officials said Wednesday. 
 David Beckman should be ready to play this weekend for Real Madrid after missing a month with two cracked ribs. 
 President Mohammad Khatami said Tuesday it was possible Iran would continue suspension of uranium enrichment and that he was hopeful of a compromise with Europe over its nuclear program. 
 Myanmar's military junta released at least 19 political prisoners on Friday, including pro-democracy party members, as part of a group of nearly 4,000 prisoners it said were wrongly charged by an intelligence agency. 
 New Zealand named prop Saimone Taumoepeau and center Conrad Smith to make their debut and three more newcomers on the bench for Saturday's rugby union test against Italy. 
 Tokyo stocks moved higher Thursday morning as investors welcomed the U.S. dollar's jump against the Japanese yen. 
 A 79-year-old man shot to death his severely disabled daughter before killing himself, police said Saturday. 
 Prime Minister Goeran Persson said Tuesday he expects increased economic trade between Sweden and Bulgaria, adding that Sweden will support and assist Bulgaria's final negotiations for entry into the European Union. 
 Vandals firebombed a Turkish mosque in the southwestern town of Sinsheim early Thursday, burning a door before the blaze was extinguished, police said. 
 Big Blue has brought the title of the world's fastest supercomputer back to the United States for the first time in three years. 
 Nepal's King Gyanendra on Monday pardoned 12 women who were serving jail sentences for having abortions before they were legalized in 2002, officials said. 
 A referendum on Bulgaria's EU membership might be scheduled for mid-2005 to coincide with the parliamentary elections in the country, a senior official said Tuesday. 
 The New York Mercantile Exchange opened its first overseas trading floor in oil futures Monday in a direct challenge to its main London-based rival, the International Petroleum Exchange. 
 Suspected rebels set off a powerful bomb in the Nepalese capital on Tuesday, wounding at least 38 people, police said. 
 Former chief U.N. weapons inspector Hans Blix said Monday that the United Nations' effectiveness is threatened by countries that ignore its recommendations, singling out the United States and Britain for their push to invade Iraq last year. 
 The Pentagon has decided to reopen a controversial deal to supply refueling tankers to the Air Force, dealing a blow to The Boeing Co., which had expected to win the $23 billion (euro17.7 billion) contract. 
 General Motors Corp. will close a Baltimore assembly plant next year that employs about 1,100 people and makes two van models that are being discontinued, a spokesman for the world's biggest automaker said Tuesday. 
 On a strategic mountaintop not far from Afghanistan, soldiers man machine guns in stone bunkers and the boom of rocket and artillery fire occasionally echoes in the distance. 
 Clashes erupted Friday afternoon on a major street in central Baghdad where insurgents often confront U.S. troops and Iraqi police, residents said. 
 Andre Agassi and David Nalbandian both pulled out of the Paris Masters, organizers said Monday, meaning neither will play in the season ending Masters Cup. 
 Crude futures continued to fall Monday, furthering a 10 percent decline over the past two weeks on the belief that rising U.S. crude supplies will meet demand for the Northern Hemisphere winter. 
 Albania said Monday it could increase its participation in international peacekeeping operations as part of its efforts to join the European Union and NATO. 
 The main opposition Civic Democratic Party made significant gains in a runoff election for nearly a third of the seats in the upper house of parliament, while the ruling Social Democrats failed to win a single seat, according to election results released Saturday. 
 A timeline of events leading up to an accused U.S. Army deserter's surrender to military authorities. 
 The chief official in charge of organizing Haiti's elections resigned Monday amid an internal rift within the agency. 
 Philadelphia won a fourth consecutive NFC East title as Brian Westbrook scored two touchdowns Sunday and the Eagles' defense made life miserable for Eli Manning in a 27-6 victory over New York. 
 Ugandan soldiers attacked insurgents in neighboring southern Sudan, killing 10 of the Ugandan rebels a day before a cease-fire in Uganda's devastated north was to end, a military intelligence officer said Wednesday. 
 India's traditional cricket home advantage is fast vanishing as teams from other countries become accustomed to the country's climate and wickets, vice captain Rahul Dravid said Thursday ahead of a two-test series against South Africa. 
 With the right coordination, international commitment and about euro10 million (US$13 million), scientists could deliver within a year a candidate vaccine to combat a global flu pandemic, the World Health Organization said Friday. 
 Juventus and Lyon are into the 16-team knockout stage of the Champions League, joining Chelsea and Italians Inter Milan. 
 An American man shot an injured police officer in the head at close range after ignoring his pleas for mercy, a lawyer told a court on Tuesday. 
 Iran dismissed as "baseless" Friday the remarks by U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on its nuclear program, adding he should review his intelligence sources. 
 There's no doubt about the main topic at Friday's annual meeting of Manchester United shareholders: Malcolm Glazer. 
 Saudi Arabia's de facto ruler has launched 30 billion riyals (US$8 billion, euro6.2 billion) worth of development projects in the holy city of Mecca, including a plan to expand part of the Grand Mosque, a Saudi newspaper reported Monday. 
 The dollar exited a volatile session little changed against the euro Wednesday, bouncing back from a fresh all-time low and barely reacting after the Federal Open Market Committee raised U.S. interest rates. 
 Republican Mel Martinez, a Cuban emigre who left President George W. Bush's Cabinet to run for the Senate, narrowly defeated Democrat Betty Castor to complete a Republican sweep in Senate races across the South. 
 The California Supreme Court rejected a request from Scott Peterson's lawyers that a new jury be selected to decide whether he should get the death penalty. 
 Iranian Nobel Peace Prize winner Shirin Ebadi indicated Wednesday there was little hope that January elections in Iraq would lead to a stable democracy there or elsewhere in the Mideast, calling the U.S.-led invasion misguided. 
 Pitcairn Island's new mayor on Thursday condemned the sex crimes that have divided their tiny Pacific community of descendants from HMS Bounty mutineers, and urged islanders to put the past behind them. 
 The U.S. dollar was mixed against other major currencies in European trading Monday. Gold was also mixed. 
 Opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko said Wednesday that he is not opposed to a repeat vote. 
 Steve Spurrier won't be returning to coach the Florida Gators. 
 Freed from Yasser Arafat's one-man rule, Palestinians say they are eager and able to build the first real democracy in the Arab world, despite the dangers lurking on the road to Jan. 9 elections. 
 The second day of the trial of Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman was suspended Friday as attorneys on both sides argued over the fitness of a judge presiding over the case. 
 President Jacques Chirac promoted a staunch ally Monday to replace the popular finance minister Nicolas Sarkozy, strengthening his hand ahead of an expected struggle for the governing party's 2007 presidential nomination. 
 The mixture of November international results proved that nothing separates the top five or six nations in rugby, Wallabies coach Eddie Jones said after returning from a four-match European tour. 
 With Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat clinging to life in a Paris hospital, European Union leaders emerged from a two-day summit Friday urging the revival of moribund peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians. 
 Tom Hanks used experimental technology to morph into a little boy, a train conductor, a hobo and Santa Claus for the new Christmas adventure "The Polar Express." 
 Iraq's deputy prime minister said Monday he was confident the Sunni Muslim community did want elections to go ahead. 
 Dale Earnhardt Jr. made up for his big mistake of a week earlier, pulling away from Jeff Gordon in a pair of overtime laps to win the NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Phoenix International Raceway and tighten the championship chase with two races to go. 
 The candidate for Mexico's ruling party has won the governor's race in the central Mexican state of Tlaxcala, state election officials announced Friday. 
 BMO Financial Group said Monday it has become the first Canadian bank authorized to sell derivatives in China. 
 Japanese telecommunications company Softbank Corp. returned to profitability in the latest quarter from deep losses a year ago as income climbed from its broadband and other Internet-related services, including electronic commerce and broadcasting. 
 The British government said Wednesday it aims to cut the number of juveniles in jail by 10 percent. 
 Iraq's sharp accusations that its neighbors aren't doing enough to restore stability, as well as disputes over money and policy, cloud this week's international gathering on how to help a country ravaged by war and insurgency. 
 A militant Muslim group claimed on Wednesday to have beheaded an Iraqi Army officer that they captured in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul. Arabic TV station Al-Jazeera also broadcast a tape in which a previously unknown group claimed to have beheaded three Iraqi National Guards. 
 Moldova's President Vladimir Voronin offered Friday wide autonomy to Russian-speaking separatists who control a breakaway eastern province if they agree to reintegrate with this former Soviet republic. 
 Six South African judges have returned to work hearing appeals in Swaziland, ending a two-year absence from the bench in protest of the government's refusal to abide by their judgments. 
 Bangladesh said Saturday that it hopes a South Asian regional forum will use the next decade to implement declarations adopted over the years, with emphasis on trade and social advancements. 
 When expectant Palestinian mother Safra Hassan went into labor Thursday morning, she told her husband, Rafiq, she wanted to call the child Yasser, after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died in a Paris hospital hours earlier. 
 Old times are not forgotten in the heart of Dixie. 
 Falling rocks killed a man and his four sons on a mountainous road in central Tajikistan, officials said Friday. 
 China plans to release an imprisoned veteran dissident this week, cutting short his sentence in an apparent "conciliatory gesture" by the government of President Hu Jintao, a human rights group said Tuesday. 
 CANBERRA, Australia AP) _ The main opposition party grabbed credit Thursday for forcing an amendment to the U.S.-Australia Free Trade Agreement that it says will ensure that cheap generic drugs are not blocked from the Australian market. 
 Prosecutors on Friday told a panel of Supreme Court judges that there was "considerable agreement" among medical experts that the man who confessed to killing Foreign Minister Anna Lindh is not suffering from serious mental illness, adding he should be in prison, not in a psychiatric hospital. 
 President George W. Bush crept close to re-election early Wednesday, leading challenger John Kerry in a campaign cliffhanger. The state of Ohio, where results were too close to call, held the key, stirring echoes of Florida in 2000 _ but this time Bush's advantage was substantial. 
 Beginning a three-day farewell tour as U.S. senator, John Edwards focused on the future Monday, vowing to help his wife during her treatment for breast cancer and carry on his own political activism. 
 The retrial against the founder of Peru's Maoist Shining Path insurgency was suspended for a week after the defendent and his supporters began chanting revolutionary slogans before cameras in the courtroom. 
 Niger's first president to complete a full term without assassination or overthrow was ahead Friday in his bid for re-election, in partial results trickling in from the Sahara nation. 
 In Tom Russell's songs, the movie stars of the past are homeless and forgotten, baseball heroes fall victim to injury and alcoholism, and few dreams come true. 
 They are a political odd couple: Cass Ballenger, a conservative Republican congressman from North Carolina, and Hugo Chavez, Venezuela's mercurial, left-leaning president. 
 Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday a body found in the strife-torn Iraqi city of Fallujah likely was that of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan. 
 Explosives were looted from the Al-Qaqaa ammunitions site in Iraq while outnumbered U.S. soldiers assigned to guard the materials watched helplessly, soldiers told the Los Angeles Times. 
 A former Bosnian Serb army officer pleaded innocent Thursday to war crimes and genocide charges at his initial appearance before the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal. 
 Latvia selected its former ambassador to the European Union, Andris Piebalgs, on Tuesday to become the country's commissioner in the team of incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso. 
 A father who tried to save his drunken son by wrestling him off a railway line was killed when the pair were struck by a train, an inquest found Monday. 
 Latvian hockey players, officials, and fans on Thursday mourned the death of one of the country's NHL stars, Sergei Zholtok, who collapsed while playing a game in Belarus. 
 Police found the body of a fisherman drifting in his boat off Trinidad and Tobago, increasing the death toll to two from heavy rains, flooding and landslides in the Caribbean country. 
 Empowering women will help stem the spread of AIDS, international experts said as they discussed ways to help those who are most at risk. 
 KC Boutiette, Chad Hedrick and Derek Parra of the United States set an unofficial world record in the men's team pursuit at the World Cup speedskating season-opener on Saturday. 
 James Belushi has sued his next-door neighbor, actress Julie Newmar, accusing her of a "campaign of harassment" to drive him from his home. 
 About 20 people marched to the U.S. Consulate General in Hong Kong on Sunday to protest against the U.S. army's offensive on Iraqi insurgents in Fallujah, a protester said. 
 Portions of the trial that saw many leaders of Argentina's military dictatorship convicted of human rights abuses will be shown for the first time on television, a government official announced Monday. 
 Militants attacked two churches with car bombs and set off blasts at a hospital, killing at least six people and injuring about 80 others, officials said, in explosions that shook the Iraqi capital as U.S. forces launched their offensive on Fallujah. 
 A court in Tajikistan has sentenced 20 members of a banned radical Islamic group to three to eight years in jail, officials said Friday. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush will make his first official visit to Canada on Nov. 30, meeting Prime Minister Paul Martin for talks that will range from terrorism and security along the world longest undefended border to trade problems, officials said Tuesday. 
 Police are investigating the theft of a collection of medieval Chinese jewelry from the British Museum last week, possibly during public viewing hours, officers said Monday. 
 Britain's Queen Elizabeth II said Thursday that her state visit to Germany gave her "renewed confidence" in the friendship between the former enemies, underlining strong economic ties as she ended her three-day tour. 
 A white opposition legislator imprisoned for assaulting two Cabinet ministers is asking for a court hearing to challenge the sentence imposed by Parliament, his lawyer said Wednesday. 
 Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz arrived in India on Tuesday to help push forward a fragile peace process initiated by the nuclear-armed rivals earlier this year. 
 A wispy-bearded amputee from China rattles his shackles as he pleads his case before a three-member U.S. military review tribunal whose job it is to evaluate whether some 550 prisoners at this outpost are really enemy combatants. 
 A U.S. court has ruled that two officials of family owned Goya Foods Inc. were justified in removing the company's longtime head _ their uncle _ and his son from their posts. 
 Fear spread among Buddhists in southern Thailand on Thursday after suspected Muslim insurgents gunned down two police officers and five civilians in less than 24 hours, officials said. 
 Interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said Sunday that the Palestinians are working to ensure a "real democracy" through upcoming presidential elections in the Palestinian territories. 
 A judge's plan to automatically throw convicted drunk drivers into jail for a week before formally sentencing them is unconstitutional, Irish Justice Minister Michael McDowell said Friday. 
 A senior Cabinet minister on Sunday ordered an independent inquiry into claims he abused his position as Britain's law-and-order chief to help secure a visa for his former lover's nanny. 
 Sebastien Bourdais of France won the Champ Car season title Sunday with a flag-to-flag victory in the Mexican Grand Prix, frustrating Brazilian teammate Bruno Junqueira who finished second 4 1-2 seconds back. 
 A Jewish assemblyman said that an exhibit of Palestinian art and crafts, scheduled for display in a public building, should be canceled because it is anti-Israel and "promotes terrorism and violence." 
 Delta Air Lines Inc.'s pilots started voting Monday on a union contract proposal that would cut their salaries by nearly a third, while the company announced it secured another $500 million (euro392 million) in financing to help the ailing airline stave off bankruptcy. 
 Some facts about Shinto: 
 The Phonak cycling team is challenging the validity of the drug test which nearly cost Tyler Hamilton his Olympic gold medal. 
 Russian authorities have searched the homes of dozens of managers working for the embattled Yukos oil company in what one board member described as a massive campaign reminiscent of the Stalinist purges, a news agency reported Sunday. 
 Prices in Spain rose sharply in October due to higher oil prices, the National Statistics Institute showed Friday. 
 Breaking his silence for the first time since his sudden resignation as Real Madrid coach, Jose Antonio Camacho said he departed because he felt unable to exert a major influence on the star-studded team. 
 An Uzbek opposition party has urged U.S. President George W. Bush to take a tougher stance on Uzbekistan's poor human rights record and stifling of dissent. 
 The following dignitaries were on the guest list for Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday: 
 Bayern Munich coach Felix Magath blasted his team's critics Sunday just minutes after rookie forward Paolo Guerrero scored twice to lift his club to a 3-1 comeback win over Bochum. 
 Saboteurs on Tuesday triggered an explosion on a gas pipeline in northern Iraq, setting off a fire which was still burning hours later, oil officials said 
 The governor of the troubled North Darfur state said Saturday his government has lifted local restrictions on humanitarian aid groups in a sign of goodwill, but an aid official said the move alone is not enough to allow his group to resume work. 
 Republican Dino Rossi came out ahead of Democrat Christine Gregoire by just 42 votes Wednesday in the recount for Washington state governor, and the Democrats are expected to demand yet another recount. 
 Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi on Monday stressed the need for a speedy resumption of stalled multinational talks with North Korea regarding its nuclear program. 
 An American prosecutor assigned to a Bosnian court handling corruption and organized crime has been advised to stay out of the country because of threats against him made apparently in connection with one of his cases, a court official said Thursday. 
 The total cost of the Athens Olympics may exceed euro11 billion (US$14.6 billion), according to Greece's 2005 budget submitted to parliament Thursday. 
 The Herminator is a hot seller _ but not as hot as the Terminator. 
 Yasser Arafat's major organs are still functioning, Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said Tuesday, ruling out any suggestion of removing the Palestinian leader from life support. 
 Palestinians at home and abroad wept, waved flags and burned tires in an eruption of grief at the death of Yasser Arafat, the man they consider the father of their nation, and quickly elevated his No. 2 in the PLO as their top leader. 
 Religion can be used to mobilize people to protect the environment because spirituality is closely linked to nature, members of a panel on faith-based conservation said Friday. 
 The Palestinian parliament speaker will be sworn in as Palestinian Authority president, in place of Yasser Arafat, in the coming hours, a Palestinian Cabinet minister said Thursday. 
 Hunted as a terrorist, hailed as a peacemaker, Yasser Arafat succeeded in forcing the Palestinian tragedy upon the world's conscience but failed to deliver the independent state his people yearned for. 
 Palestinian leaders decided Tuesday they would seek to have Yasser Arafat buried at his West Bank headquarters, the deputy speaker of the Palestinian parliament told The Associated Press. 
 The parliamentary investigation of the Madrid train bombings took a back seat to political infighting Monday as center-left lawmakers criticized the previous government's handling of the massacre, while former Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar insisted the Socialists might not have ousted his party were it not for Spain's worst terrorist attack. 
 Sepp Blatter, the chief of soccer's world governing body, FIFA, has backed Manchester United fans in their opposition to attempts by American businessman Malcolm Glazer to take over the club. 
 New Zealand's Daniel Vettori won the toss and elected to bat first Tuesday in the first limited-overs match against Bangladesh. 
 Nazi Germany's destruction of Warsaw during World War II inflicted US$45.3 billion in material damage (euro34.92 billion) on the capital, according to a report released Monday. 
 North Korean spies inadvertently kidnapped a Japanese nurse when they were looking for teachers, U.S. Army deserter to the North Charles Jenkins says, a mistake that helped start an unlikely Cold War alliance when she became his wife. 
 Chiron Corp. has asked British regulators to inspect its facility producing an experimental bird flu vaccine to make sure it doesn't run into the same contamination problems that forced the closing of another plant and a flu shot crisis in the United States, a top U.S. health official said Monday. 
 The replacement of the anchorman of the main evening newscast on Premier Silvio Berlusconi's TV networks has sparked concern among fellow journalists and some politicians of a possible conflict between Berlusconi's political and business interests. 
 The Pentagon has agreed to warn military bases worldwide not to directly sponsor Boy Scout troops, partially resolving claims that the government has engaged in religious discrimination by supporting a group that requires members to believe in God. 
 The division of Harvard Medical School that studies pathological gambling is under fire from some antigambling activists who point out that virtually all its funding comes from the gambling industry. 
 A Guyana High Court judge said he would rule Thursday on whether or not to dismiss a treason charge against a former television talk show host. 
 The hardline National Union Party announced Tuesday that it had split and would run in the next elections as two parties. 
 Shares rallied across Asia on Wednesday as investors reacted with relief to the end of a long, contentious U.S. presidential race, even with final election results still in doubt. 
 Mexican stocks meandered higher Tuesday despite a rise in local interest rates and a lackluster performance from U.S. stocks. 
 American company Tupperware Corp. is rooting for the dollar to stay weak, while Irish crystal maker Waterford Wedgwood PLC wants the opposite. The reasons why show how the dollar's fall to a record low against the euro boosts some companies but bruises others. 
 Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin warned that the dollar's recent decline could accelerate and interest rates could rise if politicians in Washington don't act quickly to narrow the federal budget deficit. 
 For Americans suffering from election overload as the last hours tick away, a warning: even leaving the United States would offer no escape. 
 Christophe Landrin equalized late in the first half Sunday, but the 1-1 draw with visiting Monaco dropped Lille three points behind French first division leader Lyon after 14 rounds. 
 Top candidates to succeed Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader: 
 Insurgents killed two U.S. Marines and wounded four others in fighting west of Baghdad, the U.S. military said Friday, as U.S. jets pounded targets in the insurgent-held city of Fallujah to soften up militants ahead of a planned mass assault. 
 Actor Gary Busey walked into court and handed over a check for $30,000 (euro23,335) to settle a lawsuit accusing him of falling behind on the rent for his Malibu house, court officials said. 
 Japanese negotiators traveled Tuesday to North Korea to discuss a dispute over the communist country's kidnapping of Japanese citizens in the 1970s and 1980s, as calls grow in Tokyo to use economic sanctions to push the talks forward. 
 Procedure for transfer of power within Palestinian Authority: 
 A man trying to stop a robbery at a gasoline station ended up smashing a plate glass window, wrecking his car and calling police on the wrong man. The suspect escaped, minus a shoe, and remains at large. 
 Religious figures and leaders of faith-based groups from across South Asia met Friday to discuss how to end the stigma and ignorance that fed the HIV/AIDS epidemic, a UNICEF official said. 
 Vahid Shamsaee scored three goals Wednesday to lead Iran to an 8-3 victory over Cuba in the FIFA Futsal World Championship. 
 Despite progress, there are still many "stumbling stones" on the way to greater harmony between the various branches of Christianity, Pope John Paul II said Saturday. 
 Altitude, apathy, overconfidence _ Brazil groped for reasons Thursday to explain its stunning 1-0 loss to Ecuador in the World Cup qualifiers. 
 Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio and his Italian counterpart Carlo Azeglio Ciampi called Tuesday for the European Union to accelerate integration and boost its profile worldwide. 
 Suspected militants were shooting at Saudi security forces who had surrounded them in a home in northwestern Saudi Arabia late Tuesday, an Interior Ministry spokesman said. 
 Doctors fought to keep Yasser Arafat, unconscious and gravely ill, alive as anxious Palestinian officials held an emergency meeting on how to prevent unrest if their 75-year-old leader dies. 
 Gold futures fell from a 16-year high Monday due to the stronger tone to the U.S. dollar and the decline in oil prices. 
 Hundreds of Madonna fans queued for 24 hours outside a central London bookstore where the pop singer signed copies of her new children's book Thursday. 
 A 14-year-old student stabbed a classmate in the back Friday at the campus of an exclusive Sydney private school, police said. 
 A militant Islamic cell suspected of plotting to blow up a Spanish court had prepared a backup team with other possible targets including Madrid's biggest soccer stadium and the headquarters of the conservative Popular Party, a judge said Tuesday. 
 Share prices fell Tuesday on the London Stock Exchange. 
 Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra made a one-day trip to southern Thailand Saturday to discuss with security officials ways of quelling the region's bloody sectarian violence. 
 Gold closed at US$434.45 an ounce on Thursday in Hong Kong, up 40 cents an ounce from Wednesday's close of US$434.05. 
 A high court judge who took a tough stand against Tamil Tiger rebels was fatally shot outside his home in Sri Lanka's capital, as the government questioned the guerrillas' commitment to efforts to end the island's civil war. 
 The University of Notre Dame fired football coach Tyrone Willingham on Tuesday after three seasons in which he failed to restore one of the United States' most storied sports teams to prominence. 
 The Vatican, in a message Friday for the end of Ramadan, urged joint efforts by Muslims and Catholics to protect children from "evils" ranging from sex abuse and organ trafficking to forced military conscription. 
 Annika Sorenstam has one week to decide whether she wants to play in the Women's World Cup of Golf, which starts the LPGA Tour season in February in South Africa. 
 Macedonia's president on Sunday thanked U.S. President George W. Bush for recognizing the Balkan country under that name despite strong objections from neighboring Greece. 
 Last year's winner and 5-2 favorite Makybe Diva on Tuesday became the first mare in the 144-year history of the Melbourne Cup to win Australia's most famous horse race twice. 
 From Martha Washington's tea tray to the signature black pantsuit Hillary Rodham Clinton wore during her Senate campaign, a traveling exhibit chronicles not only the changing wardrobe of America's first lady, but also her evolving role in politics. 
 A man was arrested outside a Swedish high-security prison after shooting mobile phones into the prison yard with a bow and arrows, police said Saturday. 
 Former presidential candidate Howard Dean is considering a bid to become chairman of the national Democratic Party. 
 Japan's government said Monday it will try to meet its target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions promised under the Kyoto Protocol on global warming by purchasing the right to pollute from Japanese companies. 
 On two legs, and sometimes four, they braved gunfire, bombs and minefields to help Britain in wartime. 
 More than 100 police officers have threatened to put down their firearms to protest the suspension of two colleagues who shot a civilian. 
 Arsenal is in a slump. It started two weeks ago with a 2-2 draw at Panathinaikos, and the Gunners hope it ends Tuesday at Highbury against the same Greek side. 
 Absorbent and yellow and porous is he, but SpongeBob SquarePants proves there's a limit even to what he can achieve. 
 Rescuers were searching Monday for two missing tourists _ one British, the other American _ on the slopes of Maderas volcano, 100 kilometers (60 miles) southeast of Managua, authorities said Monday. 
 Environmental activists on Wednesday started action aimed at protecting a village in southern Slovakia from contamination by toxic pesticides. 
 The European Union's new trade chief offered his support Wednesday to proposals to increase efficiency and accountability at the lumbering World Trade Organization. 
 Romualdo Rivera arrives at the emergency room with what seems to be a complaint of chest pain. But it's hard to be sure _ he doesn't speak English. 
 Foreign militants fighting Pakistani forces in a lawless tribal region are likely using weapons smuggled across the border from neighboring Afghanistan, a senior Pakistani official said Wednesday. 
 General Motors Corp. workers in Germany would consider more flexible working time in order to win sole production of the company's Epsilon midsize car platform, the chief employee representative for subsidiary Adam Opel AG said Thursday. 
 Insurgents set off at least two car bombs and attacked a police station Saturday in a bloody assault on the central Iraqi town of Samarra, killing at least 29 people and injuring another 40 people, according to police and U.S. military officials. 
 A federal jury awarded a Ukrainian woman more than $400,000 (euro300,000) in damages after she sued an Internet matchmaking service that introduced her to a man she said was abusive. 
 They still love Lindy in Little Falls. 
 Tommy Burns was named Thursday to handle Scotland in its Nov. 17 friendly soccer game against Sweden. 
 Mexico's lower house of Congress approved a general version of next year's budget on Wednesday, despite accusations that opposition legislators bent the rules to push through their proposals. 
 South African playwright Gibson Kente, lauded for fighting the stigma of AIDS by publicly announcing he was HIV-positive, has died, relatives said. He was 72. 
 A top Philippine diplomat headed for Iraq on Wednesday to bolster efforts to free a Filipino hostage, but ruled out negotiations with the kidnappers. 
 China's JL-9 Shanying fighter trainer will go into mass production next year, seeking customers looking for inexpensive options to train pilots to fly state-of-the-art warplanes, the plane's manufacturers said. 
 Venezuela's economy grew 15.8 percent in the third trimester, compared to a 20 percent drop in the same period of 2003, the Central Bank said Thursday. 
 Crude futures were little changed in Asian trade Monday, holding onto sharp gains that came Friday amid a resurgence of jitters about a possible supply crunch over the coming winter months. 
 A Croat truck driver who is being held on suspicion of espionage in an Iraqi prison run by U.S. troops called his family on the phone Thursday. 
 An employee who claims she was sexually harassed by United Nations refugee chief Ruud Lubbers has dropped her appeal against a decision not to punish him, Lubbers' spokesman said Friday. 
 At these Winter Games, there are no strenuous slaloms or figure-eights. But if you can't shimmy up a chimney or wrap a Christmas gift, forget about competing. 
 Fox News will come to Canadian digital television, the country's broadcast regulator announced Thursday on its Web site. 
 Darfur's largest rebel group has said it would send its military officials home from peace talks within the week to deal with what it claimed were fresh attacks in the bloodied western Sudan province. 
 For Kep Phally, a prostitute in Cambodia's capital city, the promise of just over US$5 (about euro4) led to a night she described as "torture." 
 Saboteurs triggered an explosion Monday on an oil pipeline and set fire to a storage and pumping station in northern Iraq, offficials said. 
 Facing a major assault in Fallujah, insurgents struck back with suicide car bombs, mortars and rockets across a wide swath of central Iraq, killing over 30 people and wounding more than 60 others, including nearly two dozen Americans. 
 Federal prosecutors probing ties between the worlds of drug dealing and rap music have filed murder charges in the slaying of a rapper known as E-Money Bags. 
 A retired Russian military official said Thursday that he and other Russians planning to testify at the war crimes trial of Slobodan Milosevic believe the charges against the former Yugoslav president are bogus. 
 Nearly 40,000 of India's half million troops in disputed Kashmir will be withdrawn to boost peace talks with rival Pakistan, a news report said Monday. 
 Slovene President Janez Drnovsek appointed conservative leader Janez Jansa on Wednesday as prime minister-designate of the small Alpine republic. 
 The United States' trade deficit is soaring and the once high-flying dollar has sunk to record lows against Europe's common currency. But President George W. Bush's administration has reacted with remarkable calm to developments that raise worries about a possible dollar crisis. 
 Snow and high winds that brought down tree branches and electricity poles caused more than 700 road accidents in Poland on Friday, and the government urged people to stay home. 
 When the tiny Himalayan monarchy of Bhutan makes a decision, there isn't much room for compromise. Until recently televisions were illegal, and the number of tourists to the isolated nation are strictly regulated and closely monitored. 
 Swiss authorities have arrested a 48-year-old man on suspicion of having sexual relations with children, Zurich city police said Tuesday. 
 Google Inc. said it will start its repurchase offer Tuesday for the 23.4 million shares and additional options the Internet-search company may have issued improperly. 
 The designers of the first privately manned rocket to burst into space were handed a $10 million (euro7.75 million) check Saturday, a prize designed to encourage technology that will open the heavens to tourists. 
 It will be a long chilly winter for many Chinese, as shortages of coal and electricity fail to keep up with demand, state media reported Monday. 
 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., the world's largest maker of generic drugs, Thursday posted a 61 percent surge in third-quarter profit, citing the benefits of an acquisition, and raised its full-year earnings outlook. 
 Police in Jammu-Kashmir said Thursday that 1,716 civilians, members of security forces and militants have died there in fighting in the first 10 months of this year _ 13 percent fewer than in 2003. 
 Beijing hopes the smelly reputation of its public restrooms will be, well, flushed down the toilet soon. 
 Norwegian peace brokers left Sri Lanka Saturday after their latest bid to revive the country's stalled peace talks, while the government studied an offer from the Tamil Tiger rebels on how to break the 19-month deadlock. 
 Staples Inc., the largest U.S. office products retailer, on Tuesday reported a 26 percent increase in its third-quarter profit, narrowly beating Wall Street's forecast. 
 Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains in "stable" condition in intensive care, but with restricted visiting rights, a hospital spokesman said Monday. 
 India said on Saturday it would consider any formal proposal from Pakistan to settle their decades-old dispute over Kashmir, the Himalayan region at the center of two wars between the nuclear-armed neighbors. 
 In a Nov. 12 story about Sherrie Miller Daly, wife of golfer John Daly, The Associated Press reported erroneously that she pleaded guilty to a federal money laundering charge. Sherrie Miller Daly pleaded guilty to one count of structuring transactions to evade reporting requirements. 
 Dell Inc. said its profit surged 25 percent in the third quarter as the world's largest personal computer maker posted record sales due to rising technology spending in the corporate and government sectors in the United States and abroad. 
 Deciding to risk the wrath of NATO ally Greece, the United States has recognized the small Balkan nation of Macedonia under its constitutional name, the Republic of Macedonia. 
 A U.S. Army soldier died from injuries sustained after a roadside exploded next to his patrol north of Baghdad, the military said Tuesday. 
 The 2006 Winter Olympics are on track despite a euro186 million (US$242 million) budget shortfall and a police investigation into alleged fixing of construction contracts, the games' chief organizer said Friday. 
 Protesters took to the streets of a northwestern Spanish city Saturday to mark the second anniversary of the sinking of the oil tanker Presitige, which spewed thousands of tons of oil into the sea off the coast of Spain. 
 An Army helicopter carrying a brigadier general and six other soldiers crashed and burned in the fog after hitting a web of support wires on a TV transmission tower whose warning lights had been knocked out in a storm last week, officials said. Everyone aboard was killed. 
 One of 14 foreigners taken prisoner during the fighting in Fallujah is a fluent French speaker, Iraqi authorities said Friday. However, his nationality is unknown. 
 A South African diplomat on Tuesday met a top New Delhi police officer to determine whether cricketer Nicky Boje would be questioned during South Africa's tour to India this month as part of an ongoing investigation into allegations of match-fixing, a news report said. 
 Authorities will detain a Chechen rebel envoy and expel him if they catch him in Belgium, where he is expected to have talks this week with a respected Russian rights group, officials said Sunday. 
 An Israeli military court on Monday sentenced a Palestinian to 48 consecutive life terms in prison for his role in three separate suicide bombings, the army said. 
 A judge ruled that transcripts of grand jury hearings in the Phil Spector murder case should be made public, brushing aside vehement arguments by the defense that the documents are "full of lies." 
 Liza Minnelli's bodyguard claims the Oscar-winning actress made him have sex with her in order to keep his job, according to recently unsealed court documents. 
 Food containing olive oil can carry labels saying it may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease, the U.S. government says, citing limited evidence from a dozen scientific studies about the benefits of monounsaturated fats. 
 A third Mexico City official was heard on a video discussing what appeared to be political favors with a businessman charged with corruption, making her the latest in a parade of scandal-smeared officials of the leftist Democratic Revolution Party, or PRD. 
 An Egyptian man who served as an imam at an Orange County mosque was arrested on immigration violations, federal officials said Friday. 
 Police in riot gear used clubs to break up a clash between two groups of students at a university in Istanbul on Friday. 
 Russian lawmakers on Tuesday assailed the U.S. electoral system as archaic and undemocratic, in an apparent attempt to tweak the United States for criticizing growing authoritarian trends in the Kremlin's domestic policy. 
 Stuttgart, Newcastle, Middlesbrough and Ukraine's Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk could advance to the UEFA Cup knockout stage with wins Thursday. 
 The stock market closed. 
 The former FBI agent who established the child protection office created by U.S. Roman Catholic bishops said Monday she will step down in February after more than two years on the job. 
 A jury on Friday found a Russian physicist guilty of spying for China in a case rights advocates call part of a campaign of intimidation against academics by Russia's successor agency to the KGB. 
 Buffeted by criticism, the Food and Drug Administration said Friday that it would appoint a director of drug safety and take other actions to assure the safety of medications it approves. 
 The British government on Thursday amended its travel advice for Israel and the Palestinian territories to reflect possible tumult following the death of Yasser Arafat. 
 Britons left their country in record numbers in 2003, but new immigrants to Britain outweighed those departing, figures released Thursday show. 
 Phil Knight stepped down Thursday as president and chief executive officer of Nike Inc., the $12 billion (euro9.21 billion) athletic shoe and clothing company he co-founded and built into the world's largest shoe maker and one of the best-known brands. 
 Sampo Oyj said Monday that its Sampo Bank struck a deal to acquire a Latvian-owned financial institution that gives the Finnish group a base in all three Baltic states. 
 Chadian authorities have imposed a curfew at a town near a key oilfield after a dispute between a local resident and a trader from a neighboring community sparked off widespread fighting in which 12 people were killed and 15 others wounded, officials said Monday. 
 The conductor of a famous Czech children's choir was arrested for allegedly sexually abusing girls, Czech television reported Saturday. 
 A man who admitted killing his pregnant wife and three children and leaving their bodies in a snowy forest two years ago was sentenced Monday to four consecutive life terms in prison. 
 Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld would not say Monday whether he wants to continue in his job during President George W. Bush's second term and said the matter hasn't been discussed in postelection meetings. 
 A former German defense official accused of taking a bribe in a party financing scandal will not contest a French court ruling allowing his extradition to Germany, his lawyer said Friday. 
 A funeral for Yasser Arafat in the city of his birth _ Cairo_ is less about personal roots and sentiment than politics: Arab leaders consider it inappropriate to travel to the Palestinian territories until an independent state is established free of Israeli control. 
 Will the re-elected President George W. Bush encounter more of the same troubles and attack them in the same way? 
 Croatia's ambassador to Washington suspended a young diplomat suspected of writing an Internet blog in which he ridiculed his job as well as the U.S. president and foreign officials, the Foreign Ministry said Thursday. 
 A Lebanese man has been kidnapped in Iraq, the Foreign Ministry said Friday. 
 German industrial conglomerate Siemens AG said Monday it was launching a second bid for Austrian competitor VA Technologie AG in an offer that valued the Linz-based maker of power generation and transmission equipment at more than euro800 million (US$1 billion). 
 President George W. Bush has all but abandoned his goal of Palestinian statehood next year, opting instead to spend the next four years trying to help "a truly free state develop" alongside Israel. 
 Protection of wounded combatants is a basic rule in the universally accepted treaty on warfare applying to the U.S. investigation of the videotaped fatal shooting of a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi prisoner, U.N. officials said Tuesday. 
 Nina Kraft, the German who won the Hawaii Ironman triathlon last month, has failed a doping test, the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper reported in its Thursday edition. 
 An Islamic cleric who visited a critically ill Yasser Arafat in a French hospital on Wednesday said there were "lots of machines" attached to the Palestinian leader. 
 An FBI informant who set himself on fire in front of the White House played a role in at least three terror investigations, court documents show. 
 Swiss President Joseph Deiss climbed the towering Pyramid of the Sun at the pre-Hispanic ruins of Teotihuacan outside Mexico City on Saturday, a day after meeting with his Mexican counterpart. 
 The U.S. government donated US$81 million Wednesday to the 15-member Caribbean Community to combat AIDS/HIV in the region, officials said. 
 More than 12 million American families last year, about the same as in 2002, either didn't have enough food or worried about being able to feed everyone, the government reported Friday. 
 Eight people were killed and 10 others were injured Monday when a bus collided a truck in this former Soviet republic in the Caucasus, officials said. 
 Prime Minister John Howard embarked on a fourth term Tuesday pledging to step up the fight against terror at home and overseas, strengthen links with Asia and continue reforming the country's booming economy. 
 The condition of Yasser Arafat, in a French hospital for treatment of an unidentified ailment, has deteriorated significantly over the past day, a Palestinian official said early Thursday. 
 James Franklin and Ian Butler took three wickets each Friday but the New Zealanders failed to contain New South Wales in the opening match of their Australian cricket tour. 
 Indonesian police Friday found the severed head of a local government official in a town in Central Sulawesi province, where Muslim-Christian violence killed 1,000 people three years ago, an officer said. 
 The body of the 29-year-old wife of a lighthouse keeper on a remote Croatian island was found Tuesday, two days after she fell off a 90-meter (295-foot) cliff. 
 A school watchman held three 6-year-old children hostage in his guard shack and sliced off one boy's finger during a seven-hour standoff with police in northern Vietnam, police said Tuesday. 
 A former government minister arrested on charges of embezzling 11 million Malawi kwacha (US$101,000; euro78,000) was released on bail Tuesday. 
 Mitsubishi Fuso said Wednesday it is halting some truck sales in Japan and recalling 136,000 trucks for wheel problems, the latest embarrassment for the Japanese truck maker plagued by repeated recalls and scandals. 
 Japanese prisons are at their most crowded level in more than three decades because of rising violent crime and a trend toward meting out longer sentences, a government report said Friday. 
 The Dutch office supplies distributor Buhrmann NV said Wednesday it had net profit of euro15.3 million (US$19.7 million) in the third quarter after a loss last year, but sales fell. 
 Hollywood studios said Thursday they will file hundreds of lawsuits later this month against individuals who swap pirated copies of movies over the Internet. 
 Two car bombs on Thursday injured eight persons, including four policemen, while the police chief escaped an assassination attempt as his guards and gunmen exchanged fire in Iraq's Babil province, police said. 
 A human rights organization criticized the Brazilian government's program to eliminate hunger, saying Wednesday the plan has delivered little in the way of real change. 
 A former money fund manager was sentenced to 7 1/2 years in prison Monday and ordered to pay $5 million (euro3.9 million) restitution for defrauding the state retirement system and looting his own investment company. 
 WASHINGTON _ More than two years ago, President George W. Bush cut off all U.S. contact with Yasser Arafat, considering him failed and corrupt. He never invited the Palestinian leader to the White House even as he held out hopes of helping the Palestinians achieve statehood. 
 The war crimes trial of three former members of the Kosovo Liberation Army begins at the U.N. Yugoslav tribunal Monday, marking the first time ethnic Albanians face charges stemming from the Kosovo war. 
 The U.N. health agency Thursday said it plans to use the Internet to help prostitutes in the global fight against HIV/AIDS. 
 Mexican stocks slipped lower Tuesday in uninspired trade as U.S. market participants prepared for the Thanksgiving holiday. 
 A boat packed with Africans capsized Sunday while trying to reach Spain's Canary Islands, leaving two people dead and 14 missing, officials said. 
 After a long night of poll watching and an hour or two of sleep, President George W. Bush was back in the Oval Office Wednesday when he got the call he was waiting for: John Kerry was on the line to concede. 
 A crowd applauded and sang hymns Tuesday as they celebrated the release from jail of a Haitian priest known for his loyalty to ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide. 
 Police broke up a small opposition demonstration in the Azerbaijani capital Wednesday, detaining 14 people who were protesting restrictions on public gatherings, participants said. 
 The government on Tuesday extended the mandate for Austria's troops in Kosovo and Bosnia to the end of 2005. 
 The race for this year's prestigious Golden Ball trophy is wide open with Manchester United's Ruud van Nistelrooy battling a host of Brazilian stars and new face Wayne Rooney to be named European player of the year in the award presented by France Football magazine. 
 A driving instructor and his pupil who gave chase to a pair of jewel thieves were rewarded Friday for helping British police catch the crooks. 
 Gold opened at US$452.05 an ounce on Tuesday in Hong Kong, up 80 cents an ounce from Monday's close of US$451.25. 
 Police on Tuesday were investigating the murder of a gay man who survived the fatal nail-bombing of a gay pub five years ago. 
 As club-wielding mobs surged through Ivory Coast's largest city hunting for foreigners, national figures urged them on: "Rise up against French imperialism." "Sever the umbilical cord." "If I find my French man, I will eat him." 
 Russia's tax authorities could levy millions of dollars (euros) in back taxes against BP PLC's Russian venture, a news agency reported Thursday, and other leading Russian oil companies are now facing new tax audits. 
 Tens of thousands of Palestinians poured into the streets of the Gaza Strip on Thursday in a spontaneous show of grief over Yasser Arafat's death. 
 Japan on Tuesday warned it would consider withholding food aid for North Korea and other sanctions after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago. 
 At least 10 miners were killed and six trapped below ground when leaking gas exploded in a northern China coal mine, the government said Friday. 
 President George W. Bush won a second term from a divided and anxious nation, his promise of steady, strong wartime leadership trumping John Kerry's fresh-start approach to Iraq and joblessness. After a long, tense night of vote counting, the Democrat called Bush Wednesday to concede Ohio and the presidency, The Associated Press learned. 
 Two mining giants in southwestern Suriname said Saturday they will complete a bauxite factory expansion six months ahead of schedule to take advantage of rising world prices of alumina. 
 Antigua and Barbuda celebrated its 23rd anniversary of independence from Britain on Monday honoring distinguished people in the Caribbean including West Indies cricket captain Brian Lara. 
 Police said Saturday they would contact family members of four Africans who plan ask for asylum in the South American country of Guyana to verify their story that their boat broke down on the way to the Caribbean from the Cape Verde islands off West Africa. 
 A leading art fund appealed Friday for money to save the 14th century Macclesfield Psalter _ a rare example of English medieval art _ from being sold to California's Getty Museum. 
 The Los Angeles Lakers activated forward-center Slava Medvedenko from the injured list Wednesday, making room on their 12-man roster by placing forward Jumaine Jones on the injured list. 
 A rare sexually transmitted disease that may ease the spread of HIV has broken out in the Netherlands, the National Institute for Public Health said Friday. 
 A wireless message relayed to a ship rescuing survivors from the Titanic _ and sent by Guglielmo Marconi, the creator of wireless radio _ was sold at a British auction house Thursday. 
 Within 30 days, hundreds of British soldiers will complete their deployment to a base near Baghdad in a deployment aimed at covering for U.S. troops planning a new assault on Iraqi insurgents, an official said Tuesday. 
 A U.S. military review panel on Monday issued decisions on 17 detainees at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, ordering them to remain in custody as so-called enemy combatants, an official said. 
 When my husband and I began planning an ambitious trip to five European countries, friends encouraged us to go without our teenage daughters. 
 An ethnic Turkish contractor who works with U.S. forces was kidnapped from his family home Tuesday in the northern city of Kirkuk, police said. 
 Rescue teams struggled on Wednesday to reach two children who fell into a cave and were trapped about 25 meters (80 feet) deep. 
 Benfica drew Maritimo 1-1 and allowed European champion FC Porto to take over the lead in the Portuguese league after it beat last-placed Gil Vicente 2-0 on Saturday. 
 The government promises anyone with a computer will have access within a few years to millions of pages from old newspapers, a slice of American history to be viewed now only by visiting local libraries, newspaper offices or the nation's capital. 
 A ferry carrying 283 passengers and 49 crew members caught fire off China's eastern coast Tuesday, and all were rescued, a maritime official said. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,887.81 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Tuesday, up 153.10 points, or 1.43 percent, from Monday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,964.87 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Tuesday, down 18.96 points, or 0.17 percent, from Monday. 
 Three Italians died in the crash of a small plane near N'djamena, the capital of Chad, the Italian Foreign Ministry said Wednesday. 
 The German government on Thursday proposed moving the annual Unity Day holiday to create an extra working day, a plan meant to help boost Europe's biggest economy but labeled as unpatriotic by some critics. 
 The car cover was wrapped tightly around the No. 48 Chevrolet, its driver and crew long gone for the day. All around the garage, teams worked feverishly on their cars, but Jimmie Johnson was nowhere to be found. 
 Japan's All-Star catcher Atsuya Furuta can add another skill to his growing list of talents. 
 The Bank of England predicted Wednesday that inflation will accelerate next year and reach 2 percent by the fourth quarter of 2006. 
 David Beckham ruled out early retirement on Monday and said he turned down a "good part" in a Hollywood movie. 
 Republicans whisked a $388 billion (euro298 billion) spending bill through Congress on Saturday, a mammoth measure that underscores the dominance of deficit politics by curbing dollars for everything from education to environmental cleanups. 
 A Muslim militant suspected of helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks in the United States also gave the order to carry out the Madrid train bombings, a Spanish newspaper said Sunday, asserting the closest link yet between the two terrorist massacres. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $435.70 per troy ounce Tuesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $432.70 late Monday. 
 The giant neon heart that shone over the Prague Castle for part of President Vaclav Havel's last term in office will be sent to Afghanistan, the heart's designer said Monday. 
 Indian captain Sourav Ganguly said Sunday he is elated with a decision by the International Cricket Council's appeal commissioner to uphold his appeal against a two-test ban. 
 An air base used by U.S. forces and their allies will get a US$108 million (euro 84 million) upgrade in the next several years to make troop dormitories and other facilities more permanent, the American military said Friday. 
 Indian and Russian officials met Thursday to explore ways to boost trade and energy cooperation and prepare for an upcoming visit by Russian President Vladimir Putin. 
 Albania's parliament voted against launching an investigation into allegations that the country's prime minister was involved in arms trafficking to Kosovo seven years ago, a spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Iran is expected to announce this week a full suspension of activities that can be used to make nuclear arms as part of a deal with European powers aimed at stymieing U.S. attempts to have it hauled before the U.N. Security Council, diplomats said Monday. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin on Saturday signed a protocol extending the nation's cooperation agreement with the European Union to the 10 new EU members, the Kremlin said. 
 A top Kremlin envoy pushed for a special relationship with the European Union, saying Tuesday that the EU's vision for a new partnership along the lines of ties with its other neighbors doesn't suit Russia. 
 Vandals spray-painted swastikas and Nazi-related inscriptions on about 30 tombstones overnight at a cemetery in eastern France where no Jews are buried, police said Tuesday. 
 A Republican redistricting of Texas and the advantage of incumbency virtually assure that Republicans will continue to run the House of Representatives in 2005, but large numbers of new voters and a heavy turnout could still produce surprises Tuesday. 
 Iran said nuclear missiles are not a part of its defense policies and that such weapons "could not be hidden in today's world", one day before it was to suspend nuclear enrichment activities as part of an agreement it reached with European countries. 
 Only a tiny percentage of the more than 1,000 insurgents detained by U.S. forces in the Iraqi city of Fallujah over the past week are foreigners, a Marine officer said Monday. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Monday, with the key index rising sharply in Tokyo and hitting a record high in Australia. 
 President George W. Bush's victory, the approval of every anti-gay marriage amendment on statewide ballots and an emphasis on "moral values" among voters showed the power of churchgoing Americans in this election and threw the nation's religious divide into stark relief. 
 Chinese police have detained nine people in connection with a massive blaze at an iron ore mine that killed 65 people, the government said Wednesday. 
 A youth soccer referee who was beaten bloody by a coach said he will press charges against his attacker. 
 Kazakhstan's parliament on Friday approved a bill giving the government priority in buying stakes in energy projects put up for sale in the oil-rich nation. 
 Simon Katich and Nathan Hauritz have been dropped from the Australian cricket team to play New Zealand in the opening test starting Nov. 18 in Brisbane, while Shane Warne was selected despite nursing a broken thumb. 
 A week after his death, speculation still swirls around what killed Yasser Arafat. Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder and poisoning are frequently mentioned in unconfirmed reports _ all consistent with the little that is publicly known about the medical condition that landed the Palestinian leader in a French hospital. 
 Jordan's military court on Monday acquitted four alleged Muslim militants of conspiracy to attack U.S. forces in the kingdom, saying a government declaration last year that no foreign troops were stationed in Jordan nullified the charges against them. 
 Gunmen raided a family party and kidnapped the mother of Santos striker Robinho, a highly sought after player by European clubs, police said Sunday. 
 Yasser Arafat's widow took possession of his widely sought medical records, and was deciding whether to release the information publicly, her lawyer said. 
 China's bank regulators have approved the purchase of a 4.55 percent stake in China Minsheng Banking Corp. by a unit of the Singaporean government's main investment arm, major financial newspapers reported Monday. 
 Venezuela's Hugo Chavez seems to have everything a president could wish for: windfall oil revenues to beef up the national budget and increase government spending, a legislature dominated by his ruling party and political allies who now control all but two of the country's 23 governorships. 
 The leader of Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista Front claimed Monday his party swept weekend mayoral elections, comparing the victory to the former rebels' July 19, 1979 revolutionary triumph. 
 A Syrian found handcuffed in Fallujah and rescued by U.S. Marines was kidnapped with two French journalists in August, and has told authorities he last saw the Frenchmen a month ago _ the first confirmed word on the captives since they disappeared in August. 
 In the only race that mattered to most Australians Tuesday, the incumbent won. 
 U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen closed with a 6-under 64 Sunday to win the Tour Championship by four shots and become only the third player to overtake Tiger Woods in the final round. 
 U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld met Saturday with Panamanian President Martin Torrijos and expressed support for regional security agreements aimed at reducing drug trafficking, terrorism and other threats in Latin America and the Caribbean. 
 Dutch authorities have extradited a leading suspect in Rwanda's 1994 genocide to the United Nations tribunal in Tanzania, police said Thursday. 
 Drifting slowly like a dense crimson cloud, three million poppy petals fell over the River Thames in central London Thursday as part of a Remembrance Day tribute to British servicemen and women killed in action. 
 Venezuela's government will raise the limit on dollars available to Venezuelans traveling abroad to US$4,4000 next year from the current limit of US$4,000, an official said Thursday. 
 Bombardier Recreational Products Inc. is cutting 800 jobs, more than 10 percent of its workforce, because of the continued rise in the Canadian dollar and higher prices for energy and raw materials. 
 Genetically modified corn is not likely to contaminate the Mexican countryside where corn was born, but Mexico should still limit and better regulate its importation of biotech corn from the United States, a NAFTA watchdog group concluded Monday. 
 Australia's free trade agreement with Thailand due to start Jan. 1 will save Australian exporters tens of millions of dollars in the first year alone, lawmakers said Wednesday while introducing a bill to underpin the accord. 
 A weekend referendum on self-rule for ethnic Albanians in Macedonia met democratic standards, international monitors declared Monday, despite opposition parties' claims of fraud. 
 Both sides in an employment discrimination suit against Abercrombie & Fitch Co. reported agreeing to a multimillion dollar deal that would settle accusations the clothing retailer promoted whites at the expense of minorities. 
 French advertising firm Havas SA sought to hold corporate raider Vincent Bollore at bay Thursday as it posted a 9 percent decline in third-quarter revenue. 
 Howard Keel, the broad-shouldered baritone who romanced his way through a series of glittery MGM musicals such as "Kiss Me Kate" and "Annie Get Your Gun" and later revived his career with television's "Dallas," has died. He was 85. 
 A strong undersea earthquake shook the central Aegean Sea island of Antikithira early Thursday but did not cause any damage or injuries. 
 Bucky Buckaroo the wallaroo and Pancho the goat may soon be back in the custody of their rapper owner Vanilla Ice. 
 Moving to end squabbling with Brazil, the U.N. atomic watchdog agency has tentatively agreed to a deal that allows its inspectors only partial visual access to sensitive technology but satisfies concerns that the country's nuclear programs are peaceful, diplomats said Wednesday. 
 Defending champion and No. 3 seed Tim Henman suffered a 7-5, 6-1 loss to unseeded Russian Mikhail Youzhny in the third round of the Paris Masters on Thursday. 
 Brazil's defense minister resigned Thursday, less than three weeks after a scandal broke over military repression and torture during the country's 1964-85 dictatorship. 
 Suspected arsonists burned down an Islamic elementary school on Tuesday in the latest in a string of arson attacks in the Netherlands in the wake of the killing of a Dutch filmmaker, allegedly by an Islamic extremist. 
 President George W. Bush is holding fast to his rejection of mandatory curbs on greenhouse gases that are blamed for global warming, despite a fresh report from 300 scientists in the United States and seven other nations that shows Arctic temperatures are rising. 
 Spain named Anabel Medina, Marta Marrero, Maria Antonia Sanchez-Lorenzo and Virginia Ruano on Tuesday as the team to play France in the semifinal of the Fed Cup later this month in Moscow. 
 A Vietnamese refugee who fled through the jungles of Southeast Asia but died in the deserts of Iraq was buried with military honors. 
 Over 100 journalists have been killed since the start of January, making 2004 the most deadly year for journalists in a decade, an international media rights group said. 
 Indonesia's newly elected president say his administration will work in its first three months to eradicate corruption, create jobs and settle the sectarian conflicts that have raged in the world's most populous Muslim nation. 
 Experts on Thursday urged the removal of thousands of tons of toxic waste from the Union Carbide pesticide plant in central India where a devastating gas leak killed 15,000 people 20 years ago. 
 A memorial to Holocaust victims was vandalized over the weekend in the Belarusian city of Brest, a Jewish community leader said Monday. 
 A prosecutor investigating a missed doping test that led Greece's two top sprinters to drop out of the Athens Olympics decided Tuesday to once again postpone a decision on whether to charge them. 
 Trinidad and Tobago pro Stephen Ames invested US$300,000 (euro230,000) to launch a foundation to help young golfers develop and raise the profile of the game on his native Caribbean island. 
 As a Muslim and frequent flyer, American businessman Syed Maswood is used to being wrongly suspected as an Islamic terrorist. He's not used to being called a U.S. spy in the Arab world. 
 A favorite painting by one of Holland's most revealing artists remains a puzzle after 350 years. Is it a father admonishing an errant daughter, a client bargaining with a prostitute or a gallant army officer courting a respectable lady? 
 The president of Kyrgyzstan made an official visit to Greece Monday in an effort to further relations and cooperation between the two countries. 
 Joseph John Sisco, a diplomat whose U.S. State Department career spanned five presidential administrations, is dead of complications from diabetes at age 85. 
 Russia is seeking to slow the brain-drain of computer specialists and increase software production, a top government official said Friday, in an effort that some hope will help diversify the country's oil-dependent economy. 
 Dutch police detained a third suspect on terrorism charges Monday for allegedly threatening a politician with beheading in a video circulating on the Internet, prosecutors said. 
 In a few years train passengers will vanish into a tunnel just south of Zurich and emerge 30 minutes later blinking in southern European sunshine. They'll have missed the Alpine views but shortened their journey to Italy by half. 
 Vice President Dick Cheney, back home after a brief hospital visit, has nothing more than a cold and his heart is fine, an adviser said Sunday. 
 The European Parliament's two largest political groups said Friday they would not be rushed by European Union leaders to approve the changes in the executive team of incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso. 
 Authorities evacuated businesses along a street in downtown Linz on Monday after an explosion tore through a convenience shop in the western Austrian city, slightly injuring the woman attendant, officials said. 
 The re-election of U.S. President George W. Bush is a victory for a "relentless fight against terrorism," a senior adviser to Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Wednesday. 
 Vanuatu's prime minister has caved in to pressure from his Cabinet to abandon a deal granting diplomatic recognition to Taiwan _ the latest twist in the on again, off again struggle. 
 Municipal councils from across Australia passed a motion Monday to boycott James Hardie products until the building materials giant adequately compensates asbestos victims. 
 On his first visit to Colombia as the new commander of U.S. military operations in Latin America, Army Gen. Bantz Craddock on Monday said Colombia can count on further support from the United States as it fights Marxist rebels and drug traffickers. 
 Developments in Iraq on Sunday: 
 Authorities have seized 40 kilograms of cocaine hidden among a shipment of plywood in a Bahamas port, police said Thursday. 
 Swiss President Joseph Deiss was optimistic Monday his country will approve EU legislation allowing free travel through his country without border checks by 2007. 
 A five-page letter pinned to the body of a Dutch filmmaker brutally murdered after making a movie critical of Islam called for Muslims to rise up against the "infidel enemies" in the West. 
 Muslim groups asked the Dutch government Monday to protect Islamic sites after an elementary school was bombed _ the latest in escalating tensions following the killing of a filmmaker, allegedly by an Islamic radical. 
 The leaders of France, Spain, Germany and Sweden called on Tuesday for a "European youth pact," saying that Europe must not resign itself to growing old. 
 Every December, Zack and Hilary Rudman used to send out nonsectarian cards with winter scenes and generic holiday greetings. 
 Insurgents launched deadly attacks Sunday against police stations in western Anbar province for the second day in a row, killing at least 7 people, police said. 
 A total of 115 whales and dolphins died after swimming onto beaches on two southern Australian islands, authorities said Tuesday as the search continued for more pods in danger. 
 European stocks were higher Wednesday helped by a sustained decline in the oil price but limp volumes continued to feature ahead of a key U.S. interest rate decision. 
 Lord James Hanson, a wealthy industrialist whose business prospered by acquiring poorly run, low-tech companies and turning them into money makers, died Monday after a long battle with cancer, his spokesman said. He was 82. 
 A roadside bomb exploded Monday on the road to Baghdad International Airport and U.S. troops clashed with insurgents in a neighborhood west of the city, witnesses reported. 
 Brazil will send more troops to Haiti to restore order in the violence-wracked nation, helping boost a United Nations peacekeeping force to 5,500, a top government official said at a summit of Latin American leaders. 
 The U.S. dollar was higher against other major currencies in European trading Monday. Gold prices also rose. 
 The U.S. dollar fell against other major currencies in European trading Wednesday. Gold prices rose. 
 Police dropped their investigation into the abduction of the mother of Santos striker Robinho at the family's request. 
 Militants attacked U.S. troops patrolling in southeastern Afghanistan Monday, killing one American soldier and injuring two more with gunfire and rockets, the military said. 
 Lawmakers narrowly endorsed a reform blueprint drafted by pro-Syrian Prime Minister Omar Karami, calling for fairer election laws and preserving Beirut's close ties with neighboring Syria. 
 Heavy fog shrouding Shanghai was blamed for a pair of traffic accidents that killed 12 and injured 32, newspapers and the city government said Tuesday. 
 A tropical storm triggered landslides and flash floods in the eastern Philippines, a region still reeling from last week's deadly typhoon, killing at least 28 people, officials said Tuesday. 
 A record 15 783 spectators packed Prague's Sazka Arena to see National Hockey League star Jaromir Jagr in action for Kladno against Slavia Prague in a Czech league match Tuesday night. 
 Krissy Wendell scored three goals in the United States' 6-3 victory over Sweden on Saturday that put the Americans into the gold medal game of the Four Nations Cup international women's hockey tournament. 
 Saboteurs set off an explosion Friday damaging a gas pipeline in northern Iraq, police and oil officials said. 
 U.S. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld praised Panama on Sunday for its stewardship of the Panama Canal, which is marking 90 years as the world's link between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. 
 Mexican stocks retreated Friday from an early charge into record territory and closed fractionally lower, with investors wary of an impending bout of profit-taking. 
 An Algerian man who once faced terrorism charges in Britain appeared at an asylum hearing Wednesday, saying that he could be imprisoned, tortured or executed if he is sent home. 
 The money from a winning lottery ticket that was shoplifted by a Swedish teenager will be given away to youth groups near the store it was stolen from, Sweden's state-owned lottery organization said Thursday. 
 Brazil's state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro plans to invest US$1.1 billion (euro860 million) in Venezuela from 2005 to 2009, a company representative said Friday. 
 A man detained on terrorism charges in Singapore will testify by video link against a man accused of planning a bomb attack on Australia's national electricity grid, a newspaper reported Sunday. 
 One is a center-right president and a close ally of the United States who is accused of being too soft on outlawed far-right paramilitary groups. The other is a leftist president who allegedly favors Marxist rebels and openly criticizes U.S policy. 
 Profit taking after Wall Street's nine-session rally pushed stocks marginally lower Monday even as oil prices continued their downward trend. 
 Cameroon fired coach Winfried Schaefer on Wednesday, just three hours after his team lost to Germany 3-0 in an international friendly, the country's soccer federation said. 
 Viacom Inc., parent of CBS and MTV, said Thursday it expects to make an offer to buy the remainder of financial information and news provider MarketWatch Inc. that it does not already own. MarketWatch shares rose 10 percent on the news. 
 As isolated Laos debuts with its first big conference, residents in the dusty capital who watched a huge venue going up overnight on the Mekong River are wondering: Has all the bustle angered the waterway's snake goddess? 
 Simao Sabrosa set up the first goal and added one of his own to lead Benfica to a 4-0 victory over Setubal on Sunday, moving the 33-time Portuguese champion alone atop the league table. 
 Just 15 months before the start of the games, the chief organizer of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics is quitting in a power struggle with the Italian government. 
 To make sure nobody missed its big change from a broadsheet to a tabloid, The Times of London told readers about it on the front page. 
 Afghan army and police fought a gunbattle in southern Afghanistan on Monday, leaving several casualties and prompting U.S. forces to step in to restore order, police and witnesses said. 
 A man whose death sentence for impulsively killing a woman during a 1992 robbery was opposed even by some capital punishment supporters was executed by injection early Friday. 
 A Russian court convicted eight former members of a Chechen rebel group on Thursday in connection with an armed incursion into neighboring Dagestan last year that killed nine border guards. 
 China acknowledged Tuesday for the first time that one of its submarines had accidentally crossed into Japanese waters last week and expressed regret over the incursion, Japan's foreign minister said. 
 Stocks fell substantially Friday as Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan sounded a warning over the spiraling U.S. trade deficit. Rising oil prices also raised fresh worries about energy costs heading into winter. 
 Apart from U.S. President George W. Bush's reassurances of unwavering support for Palestinian statehood, there is little his administration is set to do in the short term to try to break the Middle East deadlock. 
 Rain washed out qualifying for the Southern 500 Friday, forcing NASCAR to set the grid for Sunday's Nextel Cup race by car owner points and putting Kurt Busch, Jeff Gordon, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Jimmie Johnson and Mark Martin at the front of the field. 
 For somebody who never has won a NASCAR championship, Kurt Busch is acting mighty calm and confident. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush will start a process to lift a U.S. ban on Canadian beef imports, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin announced. 
 Iraq's Health Minister said Saturday that the evacuation has begun of wounded civilians trapped inside Fallujah during the past four days of military operations. 
 Scott Peterson was convicted Friday of murdering his pregnant wife and dumping her body in San Francisco Bay in what prosecutors in the made-for-cable-TV case portrayed as a cold-blooded attempt to escape marriage and fatherhood for the bachelor life. 
 Two Israeli tourists were stabbed in Istanbul's historic district but suffered only minor injuries, an Israeli official said Friday. 
 Angus Eve scored a 90th-minute match-winner Wednesday to send Trinidad and Tobago into the final CONCACAF World Cup qualifying round after beating St. Vincent and the Grenadines 2-1. 
 Movies are getting real for the holidays. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Friday on the back of gains on Wall Street following a drop in oil prices. 
 A small leather-bound volume in which Muhammad Ali drew pictures of himself fighting archrival Joe Frazier has sold for 17,000 pounds (US$30,000; euro25,000), auctioneers Sotheby's said Tuesday. 
 China expressed concern Tuesday over violence in Iraq as American military units attacked the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 Poland's foreign minister said Monday the government was optimistic about freeing a Polish woman held hostage by militants in Iraq. 
 In a world of "bad boy" pop stars, a Hong Kong judge found Chow Wing-hang's remorse over his drug offense refreshing. 
 Police arrested a reputed Israeli underworld figure early Monday on an international warrant for smuggling drugs from the European Union to the United States, authorities said. 
 An Israeli soldier was shot and killed, apparently by Israeli troops, during a West Bank operation in which a Palestinian militant was also killed, the army spokesman said Sunday. 
 Police in Kashmir fired dozens of tear gas shells and used batons Wednesday to disperse thousands of demonstrators violently protesting soldiers' alleged rape of a woman and her daughter. 
 Splurging shoppers helped the U.S. economy hum along faster than first thought in the third quarter, but high energy prices could weigh on consumers in the months ahead. 
 A car exploded in the capital of the troubled southern Russia region of Dagestan Wednesday in an apparent assassination attempt against a top regional official, a police official said. 
 An inmate was killed accidentally when his head was crushed in a closing cell door, officials said Monday. 
 President George W. Bush paid a bedside visit to wounded soldiers, then predicted victory for their comrades in Iraq in their battle against terrorists "who want to stop democracy" there. 
 A Palestinian court on Monday sentenced a father and son to death for helping Israel carry out a failed assassination attempt against a Hamas leader, Palestinian officials said. 
 About 300 Palestinians and other demonstrators, holding candles, chanted "Freedom for Palestine" during a rally in central Athens Friday to honor Yasser Arafat. 
 The government is warning U.S. citizens about the potential for terrorist attacks in Uzbekistan. 
 Three U.N. workers freed by kidnappers in Afghanistan rejoiced at their freedom Wednesday and said they were sustained through 27 days of captivity by thoughts of their family and friends. 
 U.S. television networks had promised to be more careful this year in predicting a winner in the presidential election after the confusion generated in the 2000 election. For the most part, they moved with deliberation and explained what they were doing. 
 A South Korean man who was arrested after he flew into Sydney Airport appeared in court Tuesday charged with murdering two of his countrymen almost eight years ago. 
 France offered congratulations Wednesday to Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai, officially declared the winner of his country's first presidential election. 
 The State Department is welcoming what it describes as "the positive and constructive points" in a speech on China policy by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian. 
 Tiger Woods won his first tournament since February on Sunday and is convinced the changes he made to his golf swing are starting to pay off. 
 A drug addict serving a life sentence for murdering a young British backpacker by pushing her off a bridge has launched an appeal against his conviction, court officials said Thursday. 
 A case of funny money has ended happily for a woman who had been charged with passing a bogus $200 bill with President George W. Bush's picture on it. 
 A protracted strike by nearly 7,000 workers at a textile mill in northern China has ended after the factory's Hong Kong managers agreed to improve employment conditions, a labor monitoring group said Monday. 
 PSV Eindhoven won its 11th straight match in the Dutch league _ all by shutout _ by blanking FC Twente Enschede 2-0 Saturday. 
 Swedish aerospace and defense company Saab AB said Monday it would lay off 50 workers at its offices near the Swedish capital, mostly at its support and technical operations centers. 
 A federal appeals court has cleared the way for challengers to be present at polling places in Ohio, ruling early Tuesday that their presence on Election Day is allowed under state law. 
 Defeating the insurgents in Fallujah is critical in the battle for a free Iraq because "one part of the country cannot remain under the rule of assassins," Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Monday. 
 Air France-KLM SA said Wednesday its net profit rose 41 percent in the second quarter as cost controls imposed following the merger of the French and Dutch flag carriers helped offset a steep rise in fuel prices. 
 China plans to release an imprisoned veteran dissident this week, cutting short his sentence in an apparent "conciliatory gesture" by the government of President Hu Jintao, a human rights group said Tuesday. 
 U.S. soldiers and Marines Thursday launched the second phase of their assault against Fallujah, attacking insurgents still holding out in the south of the city, U.S. officials said. 
 Police on Tuesday stormed a prison in the northeastern state of Bahia to quell a riot that injured six inmates, police said. 
 Tiger Woods put together his best consecutive rounds in more than four years. The result was a share of the 54-hole lead, a place it seems he hasn't been in forever. 
 Royal officials dismissed a report Sunday that Prince Harry requires knee surgery and may have to delay his entrance to the Sandhurst military academy. 
 Rescue workers pulled a 22-month-old boy to safety Monday morning after he was trapped for 13 hours in an abandoned well. 
 Some black leaders and scholars are accusing the National Park Service of dragging its feet on a congressional order to commemorate slaves kept by George Washington at the first presidential mansion. 
 Talks on Russia's application to join the World Trade Organization are making solid progress, and will likely be completed late next year, Moscow's chief negotiator said Thursday. 
 Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Yasser Arafat's death could serve as a "historic turning point in the Middle East" and that Israel would continue in efforts to reach a peace deal with the Palestinians. 
 Greece sent the European Union Commission a memorandum Friday outlining the measures it plans to take in order to slash its budget deficit for 2005 to acceptable levels. 
 The founder of the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative alleged the government fabricated statements that suggested he provided steroids to top athletes, including baseball star Barry Bonds, according to federal court documents filed on Friday. 
 Shane Warne returned to Australia on Thursday nursing a broken right thumb and eager to get back to international cricket later this month against New Zealand. 
 The attorney for Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman said Tuesday he has been barred from visiting his client, who is being retried in a civilian court on terrorism charges. 
 Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, thanked supporters on Thursday for their thoughts and prayers as she battles breast cancer. 
 England's cricket tour of Zimbabwe has handed President Robert Mugabe a "propaganda victory," a member of Prime Minister Tony Blair's Cabinet said Sunday. 
 An explosion blew the door off a Muslim school in a southern Dutch down and shattered windows across the street on Monday, Dutch television reported. There were no reports of injuries. 
 Daisuke Matsuzaka made the most of a perfect opportunity to showcase his talent. 
 She was Playboy's first centerfold and Joe DiMaggio's second wife. Marilyn Monroe possessed a knack for the big splash, particularly if there was a camera nearby _ and it seemed there was always a camera nearby. 
 European stocks ended mostly lower Monday on profit-taking as traders noted that in wake of recent market gains momentum looks a little jaded. 
 Crude oil futures rose in Asia on Friday, with traders nervously monitoring heating oil supplies as cold weather sets in the Northern Hemisphere and workers in Nigeria threatened to go ahead with a strike. 
 Pixar Animation Studios reported higher third quarter earnings on home video sales of its five animated films, most notably last year's hit "Finding Nemo." 
 Loyalists massed outside the home of Ivory Coast's leader in a thousands-strong human shield, facing off against French armored vehicles in fear of an overthrow attempt as France clamps down on attacks in its one-time prize West African colony. 
 The Kobe Bryant saga may be ending in Colorado. 
 Two golf course managers and a tournament organizer were sentenced to house arrest for hosting two competitions featuring prostitutes and strippers stationed along the putting greens. 
 The United States will "greatly increase" border security assistance to Tajikistan, after Russia began withdrawing troops from the former Soviet republic's porous demarcation with Afghanistan, a senior U.S. diplomat said Tuesday. 
 A maverick Canadian legislator with a history of anti-Bush comments said Wednesday she won't apologize for stomping on a doll of U.S. President George W. Bush in a television comedy skit, but promised not to heckle the president when he visits Canada Nov. 30. 
 A prominent Sunni politician added his voice Monday to a growing opposition to the American-led offensive against Fallujah, saying the use of violence "will lead to very strong reactions and will inflame hatred and resentment." 
 Research and engineering company Science Applications International Inc. agreed to sell its telecommunications software company, Telcordia Technologies Inc., to two private equity firms for $1.35 billion (euro1.04 billion) in cash, the parties announced in a joint statement Thursday. 
 Elfriede Jelinek, the Austrian novelist, playwright and poet who won this year's Nobel prize for literature was awarded a prestigious Czech literary prize on Monday. 
 John Roberts was appointed on Wednesday as manager of Scottish Premier League side Hearts. 
 Bayern Munich plans to release four players at the end of the season, chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said Wednesday. 
 A spokesman of an influential group of Sunni Muslim clerics criticized on Saturday a decision to allow Iraqis abroad to vote in the January national election, arguing this would cast more doubts on the election's credibility. 
 A lot of 18-year-olds are still trying to get their first car and figure out what they want to do with their lives. Then there's Nelson Philippe. 
 Police chiefs in the Balkans agreed Friday to intensify their cooperation and launch joint police operations to crack down on organized crime, trafficking and terrorism. 
 London's specialist armed police, who refused or threatened to stop carrying guns after two colleagues were suspended, agreed to resume their duties Wednesday following negotiations with their chief. 
 Tokyo shares advanced moderately Thursday as investors welcomed U.S. President George W. Bush's re-election to a second four-year term, but most smaller Asian markets retreated. 
 British soccer and style icon David Beckham, as famous for his trendsetting hairstyles as his on-field performances, has another feather to add to his cap _ artistic muse. 
 Haiti's interim prime minister said authorities planned to take legal action against ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide as the government opened a commission Friday to investigate corruption under the exiled leader. 
 When Jennifer Peterson joined the Peace Corps in 2000, she wanted to go to the Middle East. That left her with just one option _ Jordan, where she spent two years teaching English to girls. 
 Rugby fans hoping to watch the British and Irish Lions play in New Zealand next year began to stake their claims to tickets Monday under a ballot system. 
 Officials said Wednesday they were still unable to determine exactly how an overnight propane plant explosion knocked out power to part of a town 40 miles (60 kilometers) east of Toronto. 
 Numancia fired coach Francisco Lopez Alfaro Monday after the club was promoted to Spain's Primera Liga at the end of last season but was unable to rise above the bottom of the standings. 
 Pope John Paul II said Sunday that he was praying for peace in Ukraine as it confronts a crisis over its disputed presidential vote. 
 A Fiji army court-martial on Wednesday sentenced 29 soldiers to prison for two to seven years on mutiny charges for their support of an armed nationalist coup four years ago. 
 A fire in a trash container caused smoke damage at a Dutch mosque, police said Friday, as reports of vandalism in the wake of the killing of a Dutch filmmaker tapered off. 
 Burundi's Hutu president pledged to name a new Tutsi vice president Thursday as politicians struggle to save their fragile power-sharing agreement. 
 "Another year, another diary," Renee Zellweger intones in her now flawless British accent at the start of "Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason." 
 Key dates in Yasser Arafat's life: 
 In Europe, it's hard for some to think of Condoleezza Rice without recalling the low points in trans-Atlantic relations that grew out of the war in Iraq. 
 Kyrgyzstan's security agency was accused Friday of involvement in the disappearance of a prominent human rights activist who staunchly criticized the president. 
 Israel's foreign minister on Sunday urged the Palestinian leadership to take measures to prevent any violence amid fears of Yasser Arafat's failing health, asking for a "move towards peace and understanding with Israel." 
 Eight eBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly $90,000 (euro70,000) in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices. 
 Continued failure by the Cambodian government to stem endemic corruption will deepen poverty in the country and could turn it back into an "authoritarian and conflict-prone state," the World Bank says. 
 Police have arrested two supporters of a communist rebel group in southern India, after seizing millions of rupees from their car, an officer said Saturday. 
 Archbishop Sean O'Malley made an emotional appeal Saturday to Catholics who oppose the downsizing of local parishes, saying the cuts are so painful that he sometimes asks God to "call me home and let someone else finish this job." 
 Japan and China should calmly try to resolve their differences, China's ambassador to Japan said Saturday, a day after Tokyo filed a protest with Beijing over a Chinese nuclear submarine purportedly intruding into Japanese waters. 
 The Iraqi government rushed reinforcements to the country's third-largest city, Mosul, seeking to quell a deadly militant uprising that U.S. officials suspected may be in support of the resistance in Fallujah _ now said to be under 80 percent U.S. control. 
 Gold closed at US$443.55 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, down US$2.60 an ounce from Thursday's close of US$446.15. 
 NATO welcomed this week's arrest of eight locally indicted war crimes suspects but expects the Serbs to go after those sought by the U.N. war crimes tribunal, a NATO official said Tuesday. 
 France has expelled 12,000 illegal immigrants so far this year _ 60 percent more than a year ago _ and will boost spending for a broader crackdown in 2005, the interior minister said Wednesday. 
 Today is Friday, November 19, the 323rd day of 2004. There are 42 days left in the year. 
 Prime Minister John Howard said Wednesday neither he nor any of his ministers would attend Yasser Arafat's funeral when the critically ill Palestinian leader dies. 
 Australian legspinner Shane Warne said Thursday a new proposal on bowling deliveries in cricket _ brought about by the "chucking" controversy involving Sri Lanka's Muttiah Muralitharan _ could cause confusion for umpires. 
 The 300 men filling out forms in the offices of an Iranian aid group were offered three choices: Train for suicide attacks against U.S. troops in Iraq, or train for suicide attacks against Israelis. Or train to assassinate British author Salman Rushdie. 
 The United States handed the Philippine navy US$2.7 million (euro2.07 million) worth of guns, patrol boats, radios, ammunition, and medical equipment on Tuesday, as part of a counterterrorism package that includes training for elite units. 
 Tokyo stocks climbed Monday morning, encouraged by Wall Street's rally last week and an upgrade of major Japanese banks by an international credit rating agency. The U.S. dollar was lower against the yen. 
 A memorial fund for Princess Diana said Wednesday it has agreed to pay out US$25 million (euro19.4 million) for charitable causes to settle a lawsuit brought by the U.S.-based Franklin Mint. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.14 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Friday, down 0.20 yen from late Thursday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,061.77 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Friday, up 115.50 points, or 1.06 percent, from Thursday. 
 Lyon profited from an own goal by goalkeeper Charles Itandje to beat Lens 1-0 on Saturday and remain unbeaten atop the French first division. 
 Hamid Karzai has been officially declared Afghanistan's first-ever popularly elected president after a weeks-long fraud probe found no reason to overturn his landslide victory. 
 Keiji Tamada scored a goal and assisted on two others Wednesday as Kashiwa Reysol defeated Albirex Niigata 3-1 in the J-League's first division. 
 The presidential race of 2004 lumbered into history as the longest and the costliest, a wartime election with a nail-biter of a finish and a bitter residue of political division and polarization. 
 A delegation from the new French Polynesian government, headed by longtime ruler Gaston Flosse, was expected in Paris on Tuesday, arriving on the heels of another group representing his ousted rival. 
 Lawyers, election-rights activists and computer scientists fearing mayhem at the polls descended on Florida, Ohio and other battleground states Tuesday, vigilant for trouble with such contentious matters as provisional ballots and electronic voting machines. 
 Britain's leading modern art collector and its most famous gallery exchanged allegations Sunday about the fate of a messy bed, a pickled shark and other icons of the 1990s "Brit Art" movement. 
 Slower growth and reduced profits will likely squeeze three of the top 10 U.S. personal computer manufacturers out of the market by 2007, a research firm predicted Monday. 
 An Argentine warship inadvertently fired on a Brazilian frigate during joint naval exercises in the Atlantic Ocean, injuring five people, officials said Tuesday. 
 Gaming tycoon Stanley Ho will open a new casino in Macau in an attempt to fend off competition from Las Vegas rivals after losing a four-decade monopoly in the gambling enclave. 
 Benfica duo Simao Sabrosa and Miguel Monteiro will miss Portugal's World Cup qualifier in Luxembourg on Wednesday through injuries. 
 Increasingly, Russian President Vladimir Putin walks alone. 
 George W. Bush was the first U.S. president to call for an independent Palestinian state and has pledged that his administration, unlike its predecessors, won't shore up Arab dictators. 
 A boat carrying illegal migrants to Puerto Rico capsized, killing at least eight people and leaving 15 missing, officials said Tuesday. 
 Forget about dancing genies, buxom harem girls and dashing heroes in mythical Arab lands bent on saving ravishing princesses. In this animated movie, the issue is one of divine love _ devotion and a struggle for God. 
 All Dennis McGrath wanted was to belong. 
 Four buses carrying pilgrims to Karbala plunged into a river Friday in central Iraq, killing 18 people on board, hospital officials said. 
 Two American scientists and a German philosopher were given prestigious Kyoto Prizes _ Japanese awards for achievement in the arts and sciences _ at a ceremony Wednesday in western Japan, a foundation official said. 
 Israel's foreign minister pledged Monday all possible help for the Palestinians in holding elections in January but said the 200,000 Arabs who live in East Jerusalem would not be permitted to vote there. 
 Emergency crews on Tuesday recovered four more bodies from a Chinese iron mine that suffered a devastating fire, bringing the confirmed death toll to 61, the government said. 
 Peter Nowak has played in two MLS Cups. He liked the first a lot better. 
 Authorities were on alert in Pakistan's largest city ahead of a traditional Shiite Muslim procession Friday, after intelligence reports indicated threats of a terrorist attack, officials said. 
 While most Israelis believed Yasser Arafat was a terrorist, a lone Israeli voice mourned the death of the Palestinian leader on Saturday, saying the region may have lost a true opportunity for peace. 
 Kevin Spacey has been channeling an old hero _ Bobby Darin. 
 Two-time welterweight champion Jimmy McLarnin died Oct. 28. He was 96. 
 A war of words between two anti-apartheid leaders intensified Monday when former Archbishop Desmond Tutu issued a sarcastic statement thanking President Thabo Mbeki for calling him a charlatan and a liar. 
 Russia's foreign minister and other officials lashed out Tuesday at a group of Russian soldiers' mothers who plan to meet with a Chechen rebel envoy in Brussels next week, accusing it of encouraging terrorism. 
 At least seven people died Tuesday, including a former rebel, in two separate attacks by suspected Islamic militants in the Indian-controlled part of Kashmir, police said. 
 President George W. Bush's statement on the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, as issued by the White House: 
 A man was convicted by a judge on charges he deliberately exposed 17 women to HIV by having unprotected sex with them. Five of the women have tested positive for the virus, which causes AIDS. 
 A leader of the indigenous Maori Party on Monday demanded an inquiry into media reports that senior party officials and other Maori groups have been spied on. 
 A senior CIA officer who has become an outspoken critic of the fight on terrorism turned in his resignation this week, citing a desire to speak more freely about problems in the hunt for Osama bin Laden and the debate over intelligence reform. 
 As a child, Hrant Dink dreamed of becoming a detective, a hope that was shattered by Turkey's unwritten rule that Jews and Christians may not join the police, the Foreign Ministry or become officers in the military. 
 A landlord went on trial Monday over accusations he demanded sex once a week from a woman who wanted to rent a house from him. 
 John Kerry won the duck vote by a landslide. 
 Iraq's foreign minister Hoshyar Zebari said Monday his interim government is determined to smash the insurgency in Fallujah, which he described as a blight that impedes the building of a democratic Iraq. 
 Musicians, broadcasters and hundreds of music fans gathered at an English cathedral Friday for the funeral of John Peel, an influential disc jockey beloved by generations of British Broadcasting Corp. listeners. 
 The communist nations of China and Cuba forged a stronger economic partnership during a two-day trip to the Caribbean island by Chinese President Hu Jintao, who ended a tour of Latin America late Tuesday. 
 Tokyo stocks surged Thursday morning as investors welcomed U.S. President George W. Bush's re-election to a second four-year term in a close race for the White House. The U.S. dollar was down against the Japanese yen. 
 As a child, Hrant Dink dreamed of becoming a homicide detective, but he faced an insurmountable obstacle. In overwhelmingly Muslim Turkey, Jews and Christians can't join the police. 
 President Hosni Mubarak on Thursday acknowledged that while Egypt had made significant reforms, it still had much to achieve, and said opposition parties, civil society and unions should have a greater role in Egypt's political life. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and Paraguayan President Nicanor Duarte signed an oil deal Thursday, sending Paraguay 18,600 barrels a day at preferential rates. 
 Home on sick leave two years ago, Ammar Halloum says he watched the Enron Corp. investigation play out on television _ then decided he had to blow the whistle on his own employer. 
 A border crossing between Bosnia and Serbia-Montenegro that had been closed since the 1992-95 Bosnian war reopened Wednesday. 
 The Mexican government and a U.S.-based non-governmental organization have agreed to expropriate thousands of acres of tropical forest on the Yucatan Peninsula in what officials are calling the largest conservation land deal in the country's history. 
 Viacom argued that the $550,000 (euro425,795) proposed government fine for Janet Jackson's Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction was "entirely illogical." 
 Violence and discrimination make women more vulnerable to AIDS and are turning the growing spread of the disease among women into a human rights' issue, Amnesty International said in a new report Wednesday. 
 Over the past few months, high bacteria levels have forced officials to warn swimmers and fishermen to stay away from several beaches in the U.S. Virgin Islands, officials said Monday. 
 Paris Saint-Germain's season has been much like the traffic lights controlling the city's dense traffic. Stop-go. Stop-go. 
 The Cabinet approved changes in Spain's labor law Friday to make it easier for illegal immigrants to acquire work papers, identity cards and residency permits. 
 After nearly 13 tense hours, rescuers using a powerful drill and working under bright lights Monday saved a toddler trapped at the bottom of an abandoned well, bringing him out to cheers, tears and cries of "Praise the Lord!" 
 Japan's unemployment rate rose 0.1 percentage point to 4.7 percent in October, the government said Tuesday. 
 The father of a British backpacker missing in Australia choked back tears Wednesday as he made an emotional plea for her to make contact with her family. 
 China's vice-president will visit Nigeria for three days later this month to discuss possible investments in Africa's top oil producer, officials said Monday. 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger staunchly defended Thierry Henry from "overboard" criticism on Friday, saying he was still the best striker in the world. 
 Malaysia's top Islamic opposition leader has urged Muslim clerics in neighboring Thailand to talk to their king and their government to resolve a bloody separatist conflict in the southern part of the country. 
 Pepper spray was released inside an elevator at Toys R Us' crowded flagship store Saturday, sending at least three people to the hospital and leaving others with irritated eyes, fire and police spokesmen said. 
 People around the globe were glued to radios and televisions Wednesday as results rolled in from a U.S. presidential election many thought could rattle their stock markets, rock their economies and shake up a world already wracked by war. 
 In an unusual show of independence, four Ukrainian diplomats accused their government Tuesday of subverting the will of the people to favor pro-Russia Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych in the nation's presidential election. 
 The country's three oil refineries were partly operating Sunday, a day after a power failure that affected most of Kuwait forced their shutdown. 
 Sri Lankan offspinner Muttiah Muralitharan can bowl again after his Australian surgeon ruled him sufficiently recovered from shoulder surgery, the player's manager said Saturday. 
 Russia's Severstal has made an offer to buy Stelco Inc., in what's believed to be one of several competing offers emerging for the restructuring but profitable Canadian steel producer. 
 Kazakhstan's national atomic company said Monday it has struck a long-term deal with China's nuclear agency to produce and process uranium. 
 Singapore police have arrested two Africans on suspicion of trafficking more than 1,200 grams of heroin worth US$1.3 million (euro980,000) into the city-state, officials said Tuesday. If convicted, the pair face the death penalty. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair, seeking to repair strained ties between the United States and Europe, on Monday urged Washington to reach out to its allies and not depend on military force alone in the global fight against terrorism. 
 Chiefs of staff from the 26 NATO allies met with their Russian counterpart Tuesday at the start of two days of talks which are also scheduled to include military chiefs from Israel and some Arab nations for the first time. 
 European stocks ended higher Friday, after a surge in U.S. October job creation and retreating oil prices reassured investors on the outlook for global growth. 
 The government is considering an investigation of South Africa's prisons, following violence Sunday that killed four people at a maximum-security complex in Pretoria, a spokesman said Monday. 
 Venezuelan pitcher Johan Santana of the Minnesota Twins was a unanimous pick for the American League Cy Young Award on Thursday, rewarded for helping his team win its third straight division title. 
 Snowstorms and gales caused power outages throughout Bosnia, officials said Monday. 
 British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Friday thanked his Hungarian counterpart for his support in Iraq. 
 BcMetals Corp. has reached agreement with Outokumpu Technology of Helsinki, Finland, to build an integrated copper plant in northwestern British Columbia. 
 Japan lodged a formal protest with Beijing after determining that a nuclear submarine which entered its territorial waters without identifying itself belonged to China _ an incident that risks worsening the already cool relations between the two Asian neighbors. 
 Another roadblock was removed Wednesday to the merger plans of Canadian brewer Molson Inc. and Adolph Coors Co., the third-biggest U.S. brewer. 
 David Beckham ruled out early retirement on Monday and said he turned down a "good part" in a Hollywood movie. 
 A Muslim woman, whose father and neighbors were burned alive by Hindu rioters two years ago, accused a human rights activist Wednesday of threatening to kill her if she didn't testify against the attackers. 
 Women who take tamoxifen to combat breast cancer have about the same benefits and risks whether they are black or white, according to a U.S. study on the effects of the cancer drug. 
 A federal jury sentenced a convict to death Tuesday in the kidnapping and killing of a South Carolina woman who was abducted from a parking lot. 
 The American public is "virtually defenseless" if another medication such as Vioxx proves to be unsafe after it is approved for sale, a U.S. government drug safety reviewer told a congressional committee Thursday. 
 Turkish soldiers killed two Kurdish rebels who attacked a local paramilitary headquarters in southeastern Turkey Sunday, the Anatolia news agency reported. 
 A key ally of Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Sunday he opposes major changes to Japan's ban on exports of weapons because it could rapidly transform the country into a global arms supplier. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing Democratic seats across the south. Democratic leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 The United States is emerging from the 2004 presidential election with two very different portraits of itself sketched by two very different halves of its population. 
 An envoy for Europe's largest security organization on Monday expressed regret after Uzbek authorities barred opposition parties from upcoming parliamentary elections. 
 Crude futures stayed close to the US$49 mark in Asia on Thursday, amid renewed fears that heating oil supplies may not meet demand for the coming Northern Hemisphere winter. 
 Premier League club Portsmouth is to offer former Manchester United star George Best a seat on the board of directors. 
 Following a 51-6 rout from Italy, Canada coach Ric Suggitt made seven personnel and three positional changes to his test side to play World Cup champion England at Twickenham on Saturday. 
 The government said Friday it would block neighboring Macedonia from joining NATO or the European Union unless a name dispute with the Balkan republic is resolved. 
 Palestinian officials gave Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia some of Yasser Arafat's financial powers on Thursday so he could take care of urgent matters that could not be delayed, a Palestinian official said. 
 Egypt's president warned his American counterpart Tuesday that U.S.-led forces battling insurgents in the Iraqi city of Fallujah must exercise caution to avoid civilian casualties, according to a pro-government daily. 
 Fresh off a win over archrival Real Madrid, it seems FC Barcelona has little to worry about when it hosts Celtic in a fifth-rotation game of the Champions League Group F on Wednesday. 
 The combat hospital on the chief U.S. base near Fallujah has set up a morgue and doubled medical staff and supplies in preparation for an expected stream of casualties from an anticipated assault on the rebel stronghold. 
 There will be plenty to talk about when player representatives meet with union leadership Tuesday as the National Hockey League lockout reaches its 48th day. 
 The nation's first Election Day votes were cast and counted just after midnight in a pair of mountain hamlets, with 35 votes for President George W. Bush besting challenger John Kerry's 21. Ralph Nader received one vote. 
 At least five people were killed and 10 injured in a seven-car pileup Wednesday when police stopped traffic to make way for the president's motorcade, officials and reports said. 
 Sri Lankan allrounder Sanath Jayasuriya says his team is gradually shedding its image as a side that struggles to win away from home. 
 The outgoing speaker of Kazakhstan's parliament on Tuesday urged the country's top officials to respect laws and warned against moves to suppress dissent. 
 Hungary's government will ask lawmakers to keep its 300 troops in Iraq for an extra three months, but will withdraw the soldiers by the end of March, the country's new prime minister said. 
 Colin Farrell, the star of the upcoming historical epic "Alexander" said he has had no talks with producers to replace Pierce Brosnan as the superspy James Bond in a new 007 movie, and laughed at the idea of sporting the legendary tuxedo. 
 Japanese organizers of the 2005 world's fair have shipped from Siberia a frozen woolly mammoth that will be the event's main attraction. 
 The body of a man washed up on the banks of the Danube River, and authorities said Wednesday they believe the victim was one of four people missing and presumed drowned in a Nov. 4 boat collision. 
 A top U.S. State Department official on Tuesday discussed with Nicaraguan lawmakers attempts to remove President Enrique Bolanos from office and recent electoral gains by the country's leftist party. 
 The ravages of time and man could not defeat Hermann the German. 
 Taliban-linked militants threatening to kill three U.N. hostages claimed Sunday that talks to swap them for jailed comrades were progressing, even as an American general urged a tough line against the kidnappers. 
 Two Katyusha rockets were fired toward Israel from southern Lebanon Monday, causing no casualties or damage, Lebanese security officials said. 
 Military prosectutors have begun a criminal investigation into the role three military officers may have played in the recent disappearance of an opposition leader, Venezuela's defense minister said Monday. 
 A judge refused to combine a retrial of larceny charges against former Tyco International Ltd. chief executive L. Dennis Kozlowski with a trial on charges that he failed to pay sales taxes on $13 million worth of art. 
 As one of Turkey's richest families, the Uzans had an insatiable appetite for high-rise apartments in Manhattan. 
 A year ago the free-falling Dominican peso was thrusting many families into deeper poverty, driving up the prices of everything from rice to light bulbs. 
 A World Health Organization committee has recommended approval for scientists to add a gene to the smallpox virus to make it easier to determine whether drugs developed since the disease was eradicated will work well, the U.N. agency said Thursday. 
 The Canadian economy continues to show signs of healthy growth, adding about 34,000 jobs in October. 
 Skipper Sourav Ganguly will be allowed to play in India's first test against South Africa because his appeal of a two-match suspension won't be decided until after the match, the International Cricket Council said Thursday. 
 A judge on Tuesday charged a jailed Moroccan terror suspect with being a leading member of Islamist groups in three countries, including one suspected of killing Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh. 
 A family feud in India's largest private company, Reliance Industries, spilled into the stock market Friday with its share price slipping 3.4 percent, despite the company chief's claim that ownership issues wouldn't affect the business. 
 The scientist who discovered the SARS virus warned Tuesday the world is ill-equipped to deal with the next flu pandemic because countries are focusing too much on bioterrorism instead of new infectious diseases. 
 Roman Catholic Church leaders in Austria formally installed a new bishop Sunday in a diocese rocked by the discovery of a vast cache of child pornography on computers at a seminary. 
 The fight for gay marriage appeared to be gaining ground in the United States a year ago. Although dozens of states had passed laws defining marriage as a heterosexual institution, advocates took heart in state-sanctioned civil unions in Vermont, expanded domestic partnership benefits in California, and a Supreme Court decision striking down the Texas sodomy ban. 
 Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers voted overwhelmingly Wednesday to approve a contract offer from seven casinos, ending their monthlong strike. 
 Romania's broadcasting watchdog admonished the state television station Friday for failing to intervene when a presidential candidate said the U.S. Embassy was "a nest of pedophiles." 
 The major parties swapped governorships in four states, leaving Republicans in control of at least 28 executive mansions across the country with a chance to get one more, in Washington state where the final result remained unsettled Wednesday. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing Democratic seats across the south. Democratic leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 Seven Swiss firefighters were killed in the collapse of a parking garage ceiling in a fire in northern Switzerland, officials said Sunday. 
 A Liberian-registered fuel tanker broke down in the Suez Canal early Sunday, blocking the passage of 40 ships and forcing the strategic Egyptian waterway's temporary closure, the Suez Canal authority said. 
 Formula One star Rubens Barrichelo and 2004 IRL champion Tony Kanaan led their team to victory in the Granja Viana 500 kart race on Sunday. 
 Actress Mira Sorvino has given birth to a baby girl. 
 European business leaders on Wednesday lambasted a plan by Japan's ruling party to ban prepaid cell phones, saying such a move would discriminate against a foreign-owned carrier. 
 Pakistan's prime minister departed Monday on a mission to promote regional cooperation in South Asia, starting a four-day tour of Nepal, Bhutan and Bangladesh, officials said. 
 Albanian drug trafficking gangs account for nearly half the heroin and cannabis smuggled into Greece and remain a key source of criminal activity in southeast Europe, according to a government report. 
 Justice Minister Laurette Onkelinx said Thursday she and other politicians had received death threats, a day after a senator who criticized fundamentalist Muslims was forced into hiding. 
 Gold bullion opened Monday at a bid price of US$428.70 a troy ounce, up from US$426.00 late Friday. 
 Roger Clemens didn't look like a pitcher who is about to retire. 
 Pakistani troops on Tuesday raided a suspected Islamic militant hide-out near Afghanistan, arresting two Tajiks, officials said. Four soldiers and two villagers were wounded in the shootout. 
 U.N. war crimes investigators are interrogating Macedonia's former interior minister over the killing of 10 ethnic Albanians during a 2001 conflict between the government and minority Albanians, a Croatian newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 Today is Sunday, November 21, the 325th day of 2004. There are 40 days left in the year. 
 President Thabo Mbeki was in consultations Monday with African leaders ahead of an emergency trip to Ivory Coast aimed at ending renewed fighting in the West African country, a presidential spokesman said. 
 American Express Co., the travel and financial services giant, filed a federal lawsuit Monday seeking damages from rivals Visa and MasterCard for allegedly blocking the sale of its credit cards through U.S. banks. 
 A 17-year-old who survived in her car for eight days after it crashed down a ravine has returned home following a complex operation. Her doctors say she should make a full recovery within months. 
 Iraq's new ambassador to Australia has arrived in Canberra, a government spokesman said Monday. 
 Things are starting to look up for Tiger Woods. 
 Two defendants _ among 22 on trial _ pleaded not guilty Sunday to charges of involvement in fighting multinational forces in Iraq. 
 New research suggests that developing the ability to run _ long thought to be a byproduct of walking for early man _ was actually an instrumental step in the evolution of people from ape-like creatures into what we know today as humans. 
 Hundreds of Liberians made homeless by conflict boarded buses and trucks for their old villages and towns on Monday, marking the first waves of homecomings for 300,000 displaced by war in this West African nation. 
 Cy Coleman, composer of the Broadway musicals "Sweet Charity" and "City of Angels" as well as such pop standards as "Witchcraft" and "The Best Is Yet to Come," has died of heart failure. He was 75. 
 Though Yasser Arafat lies gravely ill in a Paris hospital, Palestinians have refused to begin planning for his funeral or coordinate with Israel on the movement of attending foreign dignitaries, officials say. 
 Defending World Cup champion Brazil suffered the most shocking result of the day, but China was the biggest loser. 
 A militant group threatening to kill three foreign hostages said Monday it was ready to negotiate with a United Nations envoy, but warned that any rescue attempt would end in bloodshed and stuck to a demand that the world body withdraw from Afghanistan and that America release Guantanamo prisoners. 
 With Yasser Arafat out of the picture, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has lost his main excuse for refusing to deal with the Palestinian leadership. 
 Motorola Inc., the world's second biggest manufacturer of cell phones, said Thursday it has agreed to acquire Crisnet Inc., a privately held software firm that develops record-keeping systems for law enforcement, justice and public safety agencies. 
 Officials restored electricity and phone service and cleared fallen branches and trees from cracked roads and highways Sunday, after an earthquake rocked nearly all of Costa Rica and killed eight people, most of whom were frightened into heart attacks. 
 The outgoing House speaker on Monday rejected calls to tone down the colorful language of lawmakers, saying decorum has improved since the early-1990s when the prime minister called rivals "scumbags," "blockheads" and "pansies." 
 Hundreds of men trying to flee the assault on Fallujah have been turned back by U.S. troops following orders to allow only women, children and the elderly to leave. 
 Hundreds of people living in public shelters following last month's earthquake in northern Japan began moving to temporary government-built houses on Wednesday. 
 At least six people were injured and one killed when violence broke out at a political rally in a rural town in central Mexico, the government new service Notimex reported over the weekend. 
 Now that his high school football season is over, Zak Coppinger has been playing poker every chance he can get. 
 U.S. military planners and intelligence analysts believe Iraqi insurgent leaders holed up in Fallujah will defend the city by combining scrappy fighting with a media blitz designed to provoke a worldwide outcry. 
 The French government wants answers after two telecoms network crashes cut off phone users including emergency services. 
 Frightened and in search of food, shelter and peace, thousands of refugees were surging across the border from Ivory Coast, West Africa's longtime economic bastion, paddling across the river frontier by canoe to escape growing turmoil at home. 
 Officials on Saturday called off a search for the bodies of four people missing and presumed dead following a boating accident on the Danube River. 
 A brief look at elements of climate change and the international agreements to deal with it: 
 Viktor Yushchenko, the opposition candidate in Sunday's presidential vote, is seen by his supporters as Ukraine's best hope for genuine democracy _ and by his foes as a man who wants to undemocratically seize power by stirring up unrest. 
 NEW YORK _ Global warming has had little noticeable impact in Washington, D.C. Politicians in the U.S. capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide pollution that is expected to warm the planet by 2 degrees to 4 degrees Celsius (4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit) during the next century, citing uncertainty about the severity of the threat. 
 UFJ, one of Japan's "Big Four" banking groups, announced Wednesday it suffered a net loss of 674.3 billion yen (US$6.5 billion; euro5 billion) in the first six months of the fiscal year as it struggled to rid itself of mounting bad debts. 
 Too much praise can turn Steve Martin into a wild and insincere guy. 
 Stocks were mixed Wednesday as Federal Reserve policymakers met and investors looked ahead to another hike in interest rates. 
 Croatia has launched an investigation into allegations that employees of U.S. pharmaceutical giant Pfizer may have bribed doctors to promote the research and sale of its products in the country, the state attorney's office said Friday. 
 News organizations promised Wednesday to look into why their exit polls from the U.S. election showed an initial surge for John Kerry, but also blamed bloggers for spreading news that gave a misleading view of the presidential race. 
 Voting machines malfunctioned, tempers flared and edgy voters often waited in lines for hours Tuesday to pick a president in a contentious race watched by thousands of poll monitors who expected the worst. 
 A Croat truck driver who is being held on suspicion of espionage in an Iraqi prison run by U.S. troops will be granted a phone call to his family, an official from the Foreign Ministry said Wednesday. 
 Twelve Iraqi National Guards were abducted and executed by militants dressed as policemen while traveling home to Najaf, an official with a leading Shiite party said Sunday. 
 Excerpts of opinion issued Monday in Washington by U.S. District Judge James Robertson in the case of Salim Ahmed Hamdan versus U.S. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld: 
 President Hugo Chavez vowed to push forward with his left-leaning "revolution" on Monday, hours after pro-government candidates swept all but two of 23 governorships in regional elections, according to preliminary results announced by elections authorities. 
 The U.N. Security Council on Tuesday gave wide support to a resolution that would impose sanctions against Ivory Coast if the government and rebels don't return to a peace process by the beginning of December, diplomats said. 
 A building under construction collapsed Monday, killing at least 3 workers and injuring 27 others in this western Indian city, rescue officials said. 
 Bangladesh's envoy to Kuwait has made a videotape appealing for the release of a Bangladeshi truck driver, who was abducted in Iraq by suspected militants last month, a news report said Saturday. 
 Magellan Aerospace Corp. increased its quarterly profit more than 15-fold on higher revenues due to a U.K. acquisition and improved North American operations, the aircraft parts maker said. 
 Police on Thursday arrested a man suspected of killing a Roman Catholic priest in northwestern Bosnia on. 
 The body of a Kurdish contractor missing for three months was found in a deserted area Thursday outside the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk, an Iraqi official said. 
 The last thing France coach Raymond Domenech needed was another player criticizing him before an international match _ especially when he needs to win to boost fragile morale. 
 Four Muslim teenagers were expelled from high schools in eastern France under a new law that bans the wearing of Islamic head scarves and other obvious religious symbols in classrooms, school officials said Saturday. 
 A leading political party called Sunday on Serbs to boycott the Serbia-Montenegro military because of the mysterious deaths of two soldiers _ alleged murders that some officials link to top war crimes suspects. 
 Haitian election officials began a weeklong training workshop on Monday to learn from their counterparts in Mexico, the Dominican Republic, Panama, El Salvador and Venezuela. 
 Condoleezza Rice, chosen to replace U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell, has told her Indian counterpart she wants to expand the already "great relationship" between the two nations in the next four years, the government said Friday. 
 A radio station pulled a conservative talk radio show from the airwaves as Hispanics continued to protest its host and his use of a racial slur. 
 Five police teams investigating the slaying of a high-profile judge checked for links to organized crime and Tamil Tiber rebels on Monday as they interviewed dozens of people in the probe. 
 Star flyhalf Jonny Wilkinson was Thursday ruled out of England's rugby union test against Canada later this month. 
 Motorcyclist Max Biaggi fell in a training session Monday and was to undergo surgery on his broken left leg, likely to keep him out of racing for two months. 
 Japan's crown prince should have consulted his father before accusing palace officials earlier this year of contributing to his wife's stress-induced illness, his younger brother said in remarks made public Tuesday. 
 Suspected Muslim insurgents fatally shot a grocery store owner and a security guard Wednesday in Thailand's troubled south, police said, as authorities intensified efforts to find the masterminds behind the region's violence. 
 Andy Roddick pounded 15 aces to become the first player since 1998 with more than 1,000 in a season, helping him beat Guillermo Coria 7-6 (4), 6-3 to wrap up round-robin play at the ATP Masters Cup with a 3-0 record on Friday. 
 Arsonists razed more than a dozen public buildings in a southeastern Nigerian state during a second day of escalating violence linked to a power struggle within the country's ruling party, a local government spokesman said Friday. 
 World soccer's governing body will investigate the racial taunting of England's black players by Spanish soccer fans during two international matches this week. 
 The commander of a British regiment that lost three soldiers in a suicide attack near Baghdad had expressed security concerns before his unit was redeployed to aid U.S. forces, a newspaper reported Saturday. 
 Jurors began deliberating the fate of Scott Peterson, more than five months after testimony began in the murder of his wife and her fetus. 
 The new American ambassador to Pakistan, Ryan Crocker, arrived on Sunday to take up his post as envoy to one of Washington's top allies in the war on terror, the U.S. Embassy said. 
 Impoverished North Korea might resort to selling weapons-grade plutonium to terrorists for much-needed cash and that would be "disastrous for the world," the top U.S. military commander in South Korea said Friday. 
 The European Union's head office said Wednesday it would send a euro6.2 million (US$7.9 million) humanitarian aid package to North Korea. 
 First, Georgia's education chief tried to take the word "evolution" out of the state's science curriculum. Now a suburban Atlanta county is in federal court over textbook stickers that call evolution "a theory, not a fact." 
 SECOND-TERM AGENDA _ History has shown that re-elected presidents, freed of having to face the voters again, often work to break new ground on domestic and foreign policy issues. 
 A man who had his left leg blown off by a mortar during fighting against U.S. forces in Afghanistan appeared before a U.S. military review panel, an official said Thursday. 
 Iran confirmed Monday it had accepted _ albeit reluctantly _ a face-saving solution to a uranium enrichment dispute that could have escalated into referral of Iran to the U.N. Security Council for sanctions. 
 Nortel Networks Corp., the Canadian telecommunications equipment maker, is delaying yet again the release of its much-anticipated financial reports but expects to have them ready early in the new year. 
 Worried about an Italy with lots of old people and relatively few young ones to eventually care for them, lawmakers are considering tax breaks or bonuses for families who have more children or care for grandparents. 
 A conservative legal group is threatening to sue the U.S. government over its plans to protect four dozen endangered species ranging from Peninsular bighorn sheep to the tiny robust spineflower. 
 Koreans have a harsh history in Japan. Their homeland was under Tokyo's colonialist yoke for 35 years, and in Japan they still face discrimination and cruel stereotypes. 
 A powerful earthquake rocked northern Japan early Wednesday in the area still recovering from a stronger tremor last month that killed 39 people. One person was injured in the latest quake. 
 Sprinter Jerome Young, a central figure in a doping case that could cost the U.S. relay team its gold medal from Sydney, was banned for life by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency on Wednesday following his second positive test for a banned drug. 
 Actor Danny Glover said Wednesday the world should ban land mines because "no weapon should outlast war itself." 
 Foreigners entering the United States in three cities were fingerprinted, photographed and subjected to background checks in a test of a program that will eventually be extended to every land border crossing nationwide. 
 The British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart, Bertie Ahern, made a new push Wednesday to secure a power-sharing deal between the two largest and most hard-line parties in Northern Ireland. 
 French doctors treating Yasser Arafat confirmed for the first time Tuesday that he was in a coma and said his condition had deteriorated. 
 A passenger train speeding along a bad section of track derailed and tumbled into a ravine before dawn Friday, killing at least 10 people and injuring 120, Philippine officials said. 
 Crude futures prices fell Monday, briefly sinking below $49 a barrel, as the U.S. supply of oil grows and traders said institutional investors shift their capital from commodities to equities. 
 Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday invited separatist groups in India's insurgency-ridden northeast to give up violence and start talks on ending more than two decades of strife in the region. 
 Drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela was on the verge Thursday of becoming the most powerful Colombian trafficker ever extradited to the United States. 
 Belgrade's famed "Question Mark" has never been more under question. 
 Taliban-linked militants holding three U.N. hostages claim the Afghan government has agreed to free some of their jailed comrades to prevent the killing of the foreign captives. But the government hasn't confirmed any deal. 
 A powerful earthquake rocked northern Japan and injured one person early Wednesday in an area where thousands still live in temporary shelter following a stronger temblor that killed 39 people last month. 
 Some 17,000 clerks from local government officers were providing only limited services Monday in an effort to win higher wages _ an action that could disrupt upcoming presidential and parliamentary elections. 
 China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. is talking with a private Venezuelan oil firm to develop an offshore oil field, a source familiar with the talks said Thursday. 
 Two bombs exploded in Laos near duty-free shops at the country's main border crossing with Thailand, a Thai official and residents said Tuesday. No one was injured. 
 History will judge Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat harshly because of his failure to embrace a proposed peace deal with Israel, Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday. 
 Protesters ended their two-day occupation of a Russian regional leader's office early Thursday after a Kremlin envoy assured them that a multiple slaying linked to the leader's son-in-law would be investigated and those responsible punished. 
 President George W. Bush picked Carlos Gutierrez, the chief executive officer of cereal giant Kellogg Co., as commerce secretary, working to build a new economic team to help sell second-term overhauls of Social Security and the tax code. 
 Since beating Mike Tyson three months ago, Danny Williams figures he's more than ready for Vitali Klitschko. 
 Copper mines in mineral-rich Zambia appear to have recovered from a slump two years ago and are expected to reach record levels of 400,000 tons this year, the Central Bank governor said Tuesday. 
 In extremely blunt terms, the top U.S. trade official said Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay must be more flexible in negotiations aimed at creating a 34-nation free trade agreement spanning the Americas. 
 A top U.S. diplomat said Saturday that an Israeli disengagement plan in the Gaza Strip should not be the end of the Middle East peace process. 
 Homemade bombs exploded in two southwestern Pakistani towns, shattering windows, damaging walls at a judge's home and a factory but injuring no one, police said Saturday. 
 Dick Ebersol's passion for the Olympics began as a researcher in the 1960s and led him to help NBC lock up the U.S. TV rights through the 2012 Games. 
 Chile and China said they will soon begin talks on a Free Trade Accord. 
 The first major setback of the new season for Bayern Munich could come against Felix Magath's old team. 
 Motorola Inc. announced the U.S. release Tuesday of its Razr V3, the ultra-thin mobile phone that it has promoted heavily as the star of its portfolio of 20 new handsets. 
 Mindful of the spectacular failure of their blown calls four years ago, television networks proceeded with caution as election results came in Tuesday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,082.84 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Friday, up 0.42 point, or 0.004 percent, from Thursday. 
 Environmental groups have filed a lawsuit over the National Park Service's plan for allowing snowmobiles in Yellowstone National Park for the next three winters. 
 Police on Thursday arrested 18 alleged members of a human trafficking gang suspected of smuggling hundreds of people from Turkey to Britain, police said. 
 Malaysia's last bachelor crown prince married a Thai science graduate in a traditional Muslim ceremony witnessed by royal dignitaries from both countries and dubbed a fairytale wedding by the local media. 
 Hizb ut-Tahrir, a radical Muslim group banned in many countries, recently held a seminar here to denounce what it called the "savage massacre" of Muslims in Fallujah, Iraq, by U.S. forces. In a demonstration in October, it called for the establishment of a caliphate, or Islamic state, in Pakistan and other Muslim countries. 
 Italy granted aid worth US$7.8 million (euro6 million) to Syria on Thursday for the restoration of the 11th century citadel in Damascus and renovation of the National Museum. 
 Lawyers for nine insurance companies urged a jury Monday to conclude that the 2001 destruction of the World Trade Center was a single event for insurance purposes even though two hijacked planes struck the towers. 
 An American soldier died Monday as a result of an accident involving a U.S. military truck at 3:30 a.m. (0030 GMT) in Baghdad, the military said. 
 Caribbean leaders held off on renewing ties with Haiti suspended since the ouster of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, citing concerns about the U.S.-backed interim government that have yet to be satisfied. 
 Trinidad and Tobago's soccer team issued a public apology on Thursday, a day after a subpar win over St. Vincent and the Grenadines in CONCACAF World Cup qualifying. 
 A federal study has lowered the number of flights that Chicago's O'Hare International Airport can handle without creating gridlock. At the same time, 37 daily flights were cut as a deal with the airlines went into effect. 
 Suspended former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is training with Romania's national team in Armenia ahead of a World Cup qualifier, media reported Tuesday. 
 The Bush administration on Friday rejected a request from 30 members of Congress that it bring a World Trade Organization case against China charging the Asian nation with manipulating its currency to gain unfair trade advantages against the United States. 
 Jake Shears loves his fabulous wardrobe: plume-topped hats, flowing boas, formfitting bodysuits, tops adorned with glitter and fur. There's only one thing he despises: his new pair of orthopedic sneakers. 
 Serena Williams pretended she couldn't remember playing Maria Sharapova in the Wimbledon final, amnesia being a convenient way of forgetting her one-sided loss. 
 Fred Couples and Tom Watson led the comeback, and the American team moved out to a 6 1/2-5 1/2 lead over an international team after Saturday's best-ball competition at the $3 million UBS Cup. 
 Mexico's Nobel Prize-winning chemist Mario Molina said Friday that despite recent measures scientists still don't have evidence that the ozone layer is recovering. 
 Singapore and Sri Lanka concluded an "open skies" agreement Tuesday allowing airlines to increase flights between the two nations. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,946.27 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Thursday, up 58.46 points, or 0.54 percent, from Tuesday. 
 The government will consult Spain's highest court on whether the European Union constitution clashes with the country's own charter, Deputy Prime Minister Maria Teresa Fernandez de la Vega said Friday. 
 Chris Byrd and Jameel McCline are good friends who both happen to make a living hitting people in the ring. 
 In rhetoric similar to critical U.S. campaign headlines, Osama bin Laden accused President George W. Bush of going to war for Iraq's oil, and said the American people would be the losers. 
 UEFA will allow artificial turf pitches both at club and national level starting next season, Lars-Christer Olsson, the chief executive of European soccer's governing body, said Wednesday. 
 Ben Roethlisberger became the first NFL rookie quarterback to win his first seven starts since 1970, and Jerome Bettis had two short touchdown runs in leading the Pittsburgh Steelers over the Cleveland Browns 24-10 on Sunday. 
 A major Sunni political party has quit the interim Iraqi government in protest over the U.S. assault on the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, the party's leader said Tuesday. 
 Mexican stocks followed their U.S. peers higher Thursday amid renewed hopes for economic growth as tension from the U.S. presidential election subsided. 
 India discard Dinesh Mongia slammed an unbeaten century Monday as the Indian Board President's XI scored 320 for five on the second day of South Africa's three-day tour opener. 
 Germany plans to invest euro20 million (US$26 million) to upgrade electricity production and distribution facilities in southern Albania, the country's state-owned electric company said Tuesday. 
 Heavy explosions hit central Baghdad after nightfall Sunday, followed by a spate of gunfire. 
 President George W. Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled U.S. immigration reforms, saying they would strengthen border security and help the economy. 
 Italian judges and prosecutors went on a one-day strike Wednesday to protest a reform that they contend will curb their independence. 
 Sri Lanka's revenue from garment and textile exports to the United States, its biggest customer, is expected to fall about 20 percent next year following the expiration of a preferential trade agreement, an industry official said Monday. 
 Germany's unemployment rate dipped to 10.1 percent in October, but the recovery of Europe's biggest economy has yet to make an impact on the job market, the government's labor agency said Wednesday. 
 Police on Sunday searched the site of a train crash that killed seven people and seriously injured 11 for clues to what caused a car to be on the tracks as the high-speed train approached. 
 Prison guards fired into the air and used tear gas to quell a riot sparked over water shortages at the main prison in Ivory Coast's commercial capital, a Justice Ministry official said. At least one prisoner died. 
 President Gen. Pervez Musharraf on Monday expressed hope that Pakistan and India will enjoy peaceful ties in the future, and find a resolution to their dispute over Kashmir that doesn't "humiliate" either side. 
 Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo of France advanced to the Advanta Championships final after reigning Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova of Russia withdrew from their semifinal match with a strained right shoulder. 
 Israel's Holocaust museum posted a Web site Sunday giving Internet users access to biographical information on 3 million Jews killed by Nazi Germany and its collaborators _ the most comprehensive database of its kind. 
 Asia's best-known budget carrier, Malaysian-based AirAsia, could be ready for takeoff in Indonesia as early as January, a newspaper reported Friday. 
 Republicans and Democrats swapped seats in Georgia and Illinois as they battled for Senate control in a string of races concentrated in the South and West. Republican Sen. Jim Bunning struggled for a new term in Kentucky. 
 Gabriel Schurrer scored with seven minutes remaining to give Olympiakos Piraeus a 1-0 win against Monaco on Wednesday, moving the Greek club to the top Group A in the European Champions League. 
 Germany said Monday it would forgive US$60 million (euro 48 million) in debt owed by Indonesia after Jakarta promised to spend the funds on new schools and conservation projects. 
 A man who set himself afire Monday just outside the White House reportedly worked for the FBI as an informant and was distraught over his inability to return to Yemen to visit his critically ill wife. 
 Rafael Eitan, a former Israeli army chief and leader of a hawkish political party, drowned Tuesday after being swept into the stormy Mediterranean, police said. He was 75. 
 Vladimir Guerrero of the Anaheim Angels won the American League MVP award on Tuesday, just the fifth time a player switched leagues and earned the honor in his first season with his new team. 
 The head of Jammu-Kashmir state ordered the release Tuesday of 55 political prisoners, calling the move "a gesture of goodwill," ahead of the Muslim festival of Eid-ul-Fitr. 
 French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin said Thursday his country had a "humanitarian responsibility" to treat a dying Yasser Arafat, but ducked questions about what killed him. 
 Gunmen ambushed a carload of Iraqi National Guards Thursday in central Iraq, killing two, police said. 
 The body of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat left French soil on Thursday on board an official French aircraft headed to Cairo, where the funeral service will be held. 
 U.S. allies and critics expressed hope Tuesday that Condoleeza Rice, as Washington's new face to the world, may find solutions to festering problems in the Middle East. But some worried U.S foreign policy would harden. 
 Rescue teams scoured collapsed buildings for survivors Saturday following a deadly earthquake on the Indonesian island of Alor, where at least 19 people were killed. 
 News organizations promised to look into why their exit polls from the U.S. election showed an initial surge for John Kerry, but also blamed bloggers for spreading news that gave a misleading view of the presidential race. 
 Japanese orders are coming in strong for Nintendo Co.'s new portable video-game machine, with the company reporting more than 2 million local orders in just a week, the company said Friday. 
 Mahyar Monshipour retained his WBA super bantamweight boxing title when he stopped Thailand's Yoddamrong Sithyodthong in the sixth round on Monday. 
 A Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up in a crowded outdoor market in central Tel Aviv on Monday, killing four people and wounding 32, medics and police said. 
 Wildlife researchers leading a flock of young whooping cranes south for the winter are warning people to stay out of their way after an apparently curious ultralight pilot disturbed the endangered birds. 
 China has banned brain surgery meant to cure addiction over concern about possible harmful side-effects, a news report said Saturday. 
 The county Board of Supervisors voted to close a hospital trauma center in one of the city's poorest, most gang-ridden neighborhoods, despite pleas from politicians, residents and civil rights leaders. 
 President Vladimir Putin named a new chief of Russia's Land Forces and instructed him Friday to form an all-volunteer force in the volatile Caucasus region, which includes Chechnya. 
 Asian nations hailed Yasser Arafat as a hero and the "ultimate embodiment" of the Palestinian struggle for freedom, but key U.S. ally Australia faulted the deceased leader for not doing enough to make peace with Israel. 
 Russia began handing over control of the Tajik-Afghan border to Tajikistan Friday, withdrawing its forces from the frontier, the ITAR-Tass news agency said. 
 Montenegro's parliament opened a debate Tuesday on a contentious government plan to build a huge dam that would flood the Tara Canyon, a popular tourist destination that is part of a UNESCO world heritage site. 
 A mine explosion killed a government official and police arrested a mid-ranking Taliban commander in Afghanistan's troubled southeast, officials said. 
 Ethnic Hungarian leaders from Romania, Serbia-Montenegro and other neighboring countries on Friday asked Hungary to support an upcoming referendum allowing them to seek Hungarian citizenship. 
 Suspected Islamic militants beheaded a Buddhist laborer in Thailand's tumultuous south, the second such killing in retaliation for the deaths of 85 Muslims at the hands of security forces last month, police said Tuesday. 
 Republicans tightened their grip on the Senate early Wednesday, capturing a string of Democratic seats across the South. Democratic leader Tom Daschle struggled for political survival in South Dakota. 
 Kazakhstan's oil minister said Friday that the government wants to buy British Gas' entire stake in a project to develop a giant oil field in the Caspian Sea, according to a news report. 
 A dispute over death of the world's smallest dog four years ago made a judge order the animal's exhumation, the first such move in the Czech Republic. 
 Summaries of Sunday's 13th-round Serie A matches: 
 A French military helicopter swept in to pluck trapped civilians from a hotel in Abidjan on Sunday as mobs burned and looted buildings across Ivory Coast's largest city. 
 Alleged Southeast Asian extremist chief Abu Bakar Bashir on Thursday accused police of arresting him on orders of U.S President George W. Bush, and dismissed terror charges against him as "laughable." 
 Peter Forsberg and Marian Hossa finished without a point in one of the most hyped hockey showdowns of the season in the Swedish Elite League on Thursday. 
 A fan died Sunday after falling from the second tier of bleachers at the Leiria soccer stadium during the local team's Portuguese league match against Benfica, officials said. 
 Two bombs exploded in predominantly Muslim southern Thailand on Saturday, killing one Buddhist man and wounding at least 13 people in the latest attacks blamed on insurgents. 
 A man who shot himself at the World Trade Center site was apparently distraught over President George W. Bush's re-election, a newspaper reported Sunday. 
 Mexican stocks took a breather from their recent string of record-high closes and fell 0.6 percent Friday as investors took some profits. 
 Two New Zealand cricketers were found guilty of "misconduct" and penalized for their actions during a limited-overs match in the just-concluded tour of Bangladesh, a Bangladesh Cricket Board news release said Monday. 
 Acer Inc., the world's fifth-largest computer maker, said Wednesday it expects its global revenue to increase by 30 percent to 40 percent in 2005 compared to this year. 
 A majority of Britons support a ban on smoking in public places, and three-fourths want it snuffed out in restaurants, according to a poll published Thursday. 
 Yasser Arafat's confinement to a Paris hospital has given his wife, Suha, something she has never had in 14 years of marriage: Power and influence. And in the background, many believe, is a struggle for a fortune controlled solely by the ailing Palestinian leader. 
 The board of national carrier Air-India on Wednesday approved the purchase of 50 new aircraft as part of an ambitious expansion program, an airline spokesman said Wednesday. 
 A weekend referendum on self-rule for ethnic Albanians in Macedonia met democratic standards, international monitors declared Monday, despite opposition parties' claims of fraud. 
 Austrian authorities said Tuesday they were trying to track down unknown culprits suspected of using insecticide to poison at least six puppies in the Salzburg area, killing two of the dogs. 
 Shackled in front of a three-member panel sitting beneath an American flag, Guantanamo detainees continued to go before military tribunals Tuesday despite a landmark ruling that could halt the proceedings and future trials. 
 Ivory Coast's president put a brave face on a new U.N. arms embargo targeting his government, but also warned that his turbulent nation will need to rebuild its military in the long term. 
 Mario Veit of Germany defended his interim WBO super middleweight title Saturday by stopping Charles Brewer of the United States in the ninth round. 
 U.S. goalkeeper Kasey Keller, who lost his starting job at Tottenham, joined Southampton on Friday in a four-week loan deal. 
 Two airplanes collided on the runway at Manchester International Airport as they prepared for take off Thursday, airport officials said. 
 Members of Belize's tourism industry are asking the country's Supreme Court to throw out a US$50 million contract with Carnival Cruise Lines that would bring an unprecedented number of cruise ship visitors over the next five years. 
 A Romanian first division soccer match was postponed Friday after 18 players became sick with food poisoning. 
 A radio commentator has died from wounds in an attack by an unknown gunman, becoming the second Philippine journalist slain in a week, police said Tuesday. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Cazenove Group PLC, one of Britain's oldest and most respected financial advisory firms, said Friday they were launching a joint venture to combine their investment banking services for British customers. 
 Where other students might pose for their senior yearbook photo with a tennis racket or favorite car, Blake Douglass wants to be seen with his shotgun. 
 The U.S.-Russian crew manning the International Space Station will redock a spaceship later this month in preparation for spacewalks planned for next year, Russian Mission Control said Friday. 
 South African President Thabo Mbeki left Tuesday for Ivory Coast on an emergency trip to try to help restore calm in the west African country, a spokesman said. 
 Condoleezza Rice, nominated to be secretary of state, will undergo a minor surgical procedure at a Washington hospital on Friday, a spokesman said. 
 Palestinian leaders abruptly called off a visit to Yasser Arafat's bedside on Monday, after the ailing leader's wife accused them of trying to depose her husband. 
 Germans could perk up their lagging economy by spending freely this Christmas, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder suggested in remarks published Saturday. 
 Reactions to the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat: 
 An Australian terror suspect's military lawyer said Tuesday he hopes his client can avoid a trial by a U.S. military commission after a ruling by a U.S. federal court. 
 Last year's winner and favorite Makybe Diva on Tuesday become the first mare in the 144-year history of the Melbourne Cup to win Australia's most famous horse race twice. 
 A single-engine plane crashed into a farm in western Brazil, killing all seven people aboard, aviation officials said Monday. 
 A small boat smashed into a barge on the Danube River, killing two retired Vienna firefighters and leaving four other people missing and presumed dead, police said Friday. 
 The elevator shafts at The Regent are still empty. The concrete floors of the half-built hotel are bare. Windows haven't been installed. 
 An inquiry into allegations of drug use at the Australian Institute of Sport's cycling program found no proof of widespread doping, although it was critical of delays in investigations. 
 Georgia and South Ossetia agreed Friday to withdraw troops from the border zone to allow people to freely cross, in an effort to reduce simmering tensions in the breakaway region, the Interfax-Military News Agency reported. 
 For an Old Lady, Juventus is running fast. 
 State security agents arrested a prominent member of the unofficial Chinese Protestant church as part of a renewed crackdown on religious activities outside Communist Party control, an overseas activist group reported Friday. 
 Mexico unveiled a new 1,000 peso bill Thursday, the largest denomination available in the currency. 
 1. Lindsay Davenport, United States, 4,546 points. 
 Bulgarian prosecutors are investigating British journalists for using "illegal means of surveillance" to implicate the country's top Olympic official in bid-city corruption. 
 The latest round of the global legal battle between Czech brewery Budejovicky Budvar and U.S. beer giant Anheuser-Busch Ltd. remained unresolved Tuesday after the European Union's high court passed the trademark case back to judges in Finland. 
 A letter left on the body of a Dutch filmmaker murdered in Amsterdam contained death threats against a Dutch politician and appears to have been written by an unknown organization, the justice minister said. 
 An Israeli Bedouin soldier has been arrested on charges of giving military information to Lebanon's Hezbollah guerrilla group, Israeli security officials said Monday. 
 Sixth-seeded Marat Safin of Russia overcame a twisted ankle Saturday to reach the final at the Paris Masters for the fourth time in six years and will meet qualifier Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic for the championship. 
 One passenger aboard an express bus to Oslo was more surprised than the rest by the driver's announcement over the loudspeaker. 
 A man who pleaded guilty to a federal charge of failing to register as an agent for North Korea was sentenced Monday to two years in prison. 
 One of four men convicted in a botched bank robbery in which four employees and a customer were killed was sentenced to death. 
 A Syrian government newspaper on Wednesday denounced the U.S.-led attack on the Iraqi city of Fallujah as "a terrible humanitarian massacre." 
 Czech police tracked down a man who sent an-email with a threat of a possible attack against a university hospital in the Czech capital, an official said Tuesday. 
 An appellate court on Tuesday upheld a lower court's ruling that a disputed sum of about euro250 million (US$324 million) traced to the former East German communist regime belongs to the Berlin government. 
 Japanese troops in southern Iraq were on "high alert" Tuesday after a shell was fired into their camp and Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, facing pressure at home to withdraw the forces, acknowledged that security near the base was "unpredictable." 
 Afghan President Hamid Karzai says fighting the country's booming narcotics industry is a priority, but has rejected a U.S. proposal to use planes to spray opium poppies with herbicides, citing health risks for farming communities. 
 Terry Melcher, a record producer and songwriter who aided the careers of Ry Cooder, the Byrds and the Beach Boys, has died, his publicist announced Saturday. He was 62. 
 A Florida-style nightmare has unfolded in North Carolina in the 10 days since last week's U.S. elections, with thousands of votes missing and the outcome of two statewide races still up in the air. 
 Federal prosecutors will seek the death penalty for Mafia kingpin Joseph Massino, known as "the last don." He would be the first mob chief put to death at the hands of the government in decades. 
 Venus Williams defeated injured sister Serena 6-4, 7-5 in an exhibition match Thursday. 
 A total of 115 whales and dolphins died after swimming onto beaches on two southern Australian islands, authorities said Tuesday as the search continued for more pods in danger. 
 Indonesia offered amnesty Thursday to separatist militants in Aceh if they drop their bid for independence and return to the "family" of Indonesia, but the rebels quickly rejected the offer. 
 A British pilot has completed a flight that took him half way around the world _ from Britain to New Zealand _ in what is believed to be a first for a motorized glider. 
 Hundreds of Palestinians threw rocks at Israeli cars and burned tires Thursday as demonstrators in the West Bank vented their outrage over the death of Yasser Arafat, the army said. 
 Five U.S. troops were wounded when Marines shot at and destroyed two suspected car bombs in the insurgent-heavy city of Ramadi, killing seven insurgents, the U.S. military said Tuesday. 
 More than 2,500 people gathered under a statue of Alexander the Great in the northern Greek port city of Thessaloniki Sunday to protest against the U.S. government's decision last week to formally recognize Macedonia under that name, despite Greek objections. 
 The mother of three young children whose deaths are being investigated should be allowed to keep her only remaining child, her lawyer told a Melbourne court Tuesday. 
 A U.S. voting rights group said it has documented hundreds of voting irregularities affecting poor and minority voters in seven Southern states _ from long lines and faulty equipment to deliberate voter intimidation. 
 It might seem tame fare, but Bollywood movies, Western pop videos and even Charlton Heston in "The Ten Commandments" have got Afghanistan's fledgling cable TV stations in hot water. 
 Pregnant women from China's mainland are flocking to Hong Kong to give birth so their children can get residency rights here, and officials may raise hospital fees for nonresidents to deter the trend. 
 Two Ukrainian merchant seamen who were convicted of oil smuggling in Iraq and allegedly tortured while being held at Baghdad's notorious Abu Ghraib prison were released from a Ukrainian prison, their lawyer said Thursday. 
 Most of the millions of red locusts that swarmed through Cairo had flown east by Thursday but the government announced that President Hosni Mubarak was still closely following the efforts to control the swarm that had invaded northern Egypt a day before. 
 Top Clinton administration officials, both Presidents Bush, rock stars and ordinary admirers of Bill Clinton turned out Thursday to pay homage to "a man of compassion" at the opening of the Clinton Presidential Center. 
 Former crematory operator Ray Brent Marsh pleaded guilty Friday to dumping 334 bodies and giving the families of the deceased cement dust instead of ashes. 
 Nearly a month after John Kerry conceded Ohio to President George W. Bush, complaints and challenges about the balloting are mounting as activists including the Rev. Jesse Jackson demand closer scrutiny to ensure the votes are being counted on the up-and-up. 
 Former Gov. Pedro Rossello filed a lawsuit in an effort to speed a recount in an extremely close governor's race and settle a dispute over which candidate will lead Puerto Rico. 
 An artillery shell apparently misfired by practicing Austrian army troops struck a private home, authorities said Friday. 
 Three hooded bandits in eastern Australia bungled a robbery when they apparently mistook a restaurant's sliding door for a swinging one, police said Monday. 
 Shanghai plans to expand its airports and increase access for domestic airlines as it maneuvers to become a regional hub for air travel, the government said Tuesday. 
 Wolfsburg fell out of the Bundesliga lead for the first time in a month Sunday, losing 3-1 to Hamburg SV despite a goal by Thomas Brdaric after only 19 seconds _ the fastest goal this season. 
 With warplanes and artillery pounding the city, U.S. troops fought their way into the western outskirts of Fallujah on Monday, seizing a hospital and two bridges over the Euphrates River in the first stage of a major assault on the insurgent stronghold. 
 About 200 police officers attended a union meeting Thursday instead of going to work, aiming to pressure Antigua and Barbuda's government for a pay increase. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $453.70 per troy ounce Monday day on the New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 Irishmen Paul McGinley and Padraig Harrington are tough to satisfy. 
 Argentina left back Juan Pablo Sorin has joined Villarreal from Cruzeiro, the Spanish club said on its Web site. 
 Leaders meeting on Iraq's future plan to give strong backing to the interim government's war against insurgents, but won't set a deadline for withdrawing U.S.-led forces from Iraq _ despite a push by France and some Arab countries. 
 LL Cool J has canceled the remaining 12 dates on his tour due to an abdominal ailment. 
 A car bomb hit a civilian convoy belonging to U.S.-led coalition forces on Monday on the main highway to Baghdad's airport, the Interior Ministry said 
 A commuter van carrying workers from two aerospace companies collided head-on with a tractor-trailer on a Mississippi River bridge, killing four people in the van and injuring four others, authorities said. 
 Ukraine's Supreme Court, about to play a key role in the country's political crisis, has already demonstrated its backbone by quashing efforts to disqualify votes for the opposition candidate in the first round of a disputed leadership race. 
 Austrian experts have found no evidence that Viktor Yushchenko, a top Ukrainian opposition leader and leading contender for the country's presidential election, was poisoned, a Ukrainian lawmaker said Wednesday. 
 Walter Pozzebon replaced injured left winger Denis Dallan in the only change to Italy for its rugby union test against New Zealand at Flaminio Stadium on Saturday. 
 Montenegro will hold a referendum next year on independence from the Serbia-Montenegro union, the prime minister of the tiny Balkan republic said Thursday. 
 New Zealand will review its constitution, Prime Minister Helen Clark said Saturday, but promised no quick changes as her opponents accused her of trying to cut ties to the British monarchy. 
 A judge rejected a defense effort to remove the district attorney in the Michael Jackson child molestation case on the grounds that the pop star had been the victim of an overzealous prosecution. 
 Relatives and friends of a Colombian politician held hostage by Marxist rebels in Colombia planted trees to mark her 1,000 days in captivity Friday and denounced the country's president for not doing enough to win her release. 
 It always seems a little premature to talk about the holiday season while the Thanksgiving menu is still in the planning stages, but there'll be plenty of discussion on Wall Street about December and shopping next week as top retailers report their earnings. 
 Some of the Iraqi judges who are being prepared to handle Saddam Hussein's trial haven't handled anything more complicated than a traffic case, says an Ohio law professor who helped train them. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early victories Tuesday in a tense and testy contest between an embattled wartime incumbent and a hard-charging Democrat who blamed the Republican for chaos in Iraq and joblessness in the United States. 
 The European Union's Court of Justice ruled Tuesday that a British bookmaker and three other European pools operators acted within the law when they used schedules of horse races and soccer games for their businesses without paying a license fee to the companies that compiled the game databases. 
 CD Chivas USA selected Los Angeles Galaxy forward Arturo Torres as the first player in Friday's Major League Soccer Expansion draft, one four Hispanic players chosen by Mexican-owned club with its opening five picks. 
 Gov. James E. McGreevey spent his final day in office out of the public eye, clearing out his belongings from the governor's mansion and tending to some lingering transition issues three months after his shocking resignation announcement. 
 Congress will vote as early as February on a free trade agreement with Bahrain and stands ready to consider agreements with other countries in the Middle East, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee said. 
 The U.S. military is investigating the videotaped fatal shooting of a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi prisoner by a U.S. Marine in a mosque in Fallujah, a Marine spokesman said. 
 Citigroup Inc. said Monday it has filed a detailed response in an Italian bankruptcy court aimed at refuting what it called "baseless allegations" by the government-appointed administrator of Parmalat SpA about what led to the dairy company's collapse in a giant fraud scandal. 
 Sebastian Bourdais set a Mexican Grand Prix course record to take the pole position from teammate Bruno Junqueira in Saturday's qualifying and edge closer to the Champ Car championship in the season finale. 
 Courtney Browne, Ian Bradshaw and Ricardo Powell led several of the West Indies' high-profile dissident cricket players into the team's training camp Monday, now that binding arbitration will be used to resolve a contract dispute between the players and local cricket board. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,994.96 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Wednesday, up 30.09 points, or 0.27 percent, from Tuesday. 
 Bone fragments that scientists determined are the remains of six U.S. servicemen whose AC-47 gunship crashed in Laos in 1966 during the Vietnam war will be buried as a group Friday at Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors, the Pentagon said Tuesday. 
 President Thabo Mbeki met Sunday with Ivorian opposition leaders as part of efforts to resolve the latest upsurge of violence in Ivory Coast, a South African news agency reported. 
 Strong winds swept through Austria on Friday, toppling several trucks and a minibus, killing one person, a news agency reported. 
 The Bush administration asked the Supreme Court on Tuesday to block the only U.S. law allowing doctors to help terminally ill patients die more quickly. 
 Former Bush administration official Mitch Daniels unseated Democratic Gov. Joe Kernan in Indiana, while New Hampshire's one-term Republican Gov. Craig Benson faced an aggressive challenger as 11 states elected their top officials. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that time was running out for the Sudanese government to comply with international demands to end the violence in Darfur. 
 Flagship carrier Malaysia Airlines is planning to purchase 39 new jetliners in an estimated US$1 billion (euro 786 million) plan to replace nearly half of its fleet, a company executive said. 
 Albanian authorities have stopped more than a dozen people from illegally crossing into Italy and neighboring Greece, police said Tuesday. 
 The dollar eked out some slight gains Tuesday, in cautious trading ahead of a meeting of Federal Reserve policymakers that's widely expected to see another rise in the key federal funds target rate. 
 French President Jacques Chirac said Friday he was concerned about the weaker U.S. dollar and hinted that the European Union should react to the situation. 
 Chinese President Hu Jintao took a break during his South American visit to enjoy a lighthearted Brazilian "churrasco," or barbecue, with Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. 
 Wall Street bounded higher for the second straight day Thursday as investors reveled in sharply falling oil prices and the pro-business agenda of the second Bush administration. The Dow Jones industrials gained more than 177 points for its best day of 2004, while the S&P 500 closed at its highest level since early 2002. 
 The caretaker Palestinian leadership headed to Yasser Arafat's bedside Monday despite an earlier decision to call off the trip after critical comments from the ailing leaders wife. 
 Serbia's pro-Western president accused its conservative prime minister Friday of refusing to take his calls, illustrating deep political divisions inside the troubled Balkan republic. 
 Croatia's opposition parties called for the foreign minister to resign Thursday following media allegations that he was involved in a bribery scandal. 
 Angered at Secretary-General Kofi Annan's dismissal of allegations against the U.N.'s top investigator, union leaders representating over 5,000 U.N. employees called Friday for a copy of the report that cleared him and expressed a lack of confidence in senior U.N. management. 
 West Indies cricket officials have denied allegations by the region's players association that it bypassed the group when inviting players to prepare for a January one-day tournament in Australia. 
 New Soccer Australia chief John O'Neill says the fledgling Oceania soccer confederation has a 70-30 chance of gaining a direct spot at the 2010 World Cup. 
 Venezuela expects trade with Colombia to reach US$2.5 billion (euro1.93 billion) this year, a 73 percent increase over 2003, Venezuela's ambassador to Colombia said Monday. 
 Powdered paprika distributed by four companies may be infected with the same toxin that last week forced authorities to ban the sale of the country's signature spice. 
 The birth rate among American girls ages 10 to 14 has fallen to its lowest level since 1946, the government reported Monday. 
 Suspected militants fatally shot an Islamic school teacher and wounded two people in separate attacks Tuesday in Thailand's Muslim-majority south, where a simmering insurgency has claimed hundreds of lives this year. 
 Egypt has condemned Israel's shooting dead of three Egyptian paramilitary police on the border with Gaza early Thursday. 
 A Manhattan woman delivered twins three days shy of her 57th birthday. She is believed to be the oldest woman in the United States to give birth to twins. 
 An elaborate state dinner Sunday night for President George W. Bush was scrapped after U.S. and Chilean officials failed to agree on security measures at the presidential palace, Chilean media reported. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,846.92 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Thursday, down 148.04 points, or 1.35 percent, from Wednesday. 
 Some of the prominent Cuban defections to the United States 
 Gold closed at US$446.15 an ounce on Thursday in Hong Kong, up US$3.60 an ounce from Wednesday's close of US$442.55. 
 Premier Silvio Berlusconi's children are willing to sell family-controlled broadcaster Mediaset in order to rid their father of conflict-of-interest accusations and help his political career, according to remarks by Berlusconi published Monday in an Italian paper. 
 Canada's embassy in Sri Lanka reopened Monday a week after it closed due to an anthrax scare prompted when white powder was discovered in the passport of a Buddhist monk, an official said. 
 Stocks closed slightly higher in lackluster pre-holiday trading Wednesday, with a better-than-expected government report on oil inventories and good unemployment figures giving investors reasons to buy stocks. 
 Dissident politician Anwar Ibrahim paid a surprise visit Monday to Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi _ his first public step to mend fences with the government that threw him out more than six years ago. 
 As Yasser Arafat was buried, President George W. Bush said Friday there is "a great chance" to create an independent Palestinian state within four years after decades of frustration. British Prime Minister Tony Blair joined Bush in pledging to mobilize global support for Middle East peace efforts. 
 A U.S. helicopter was shot down by insurgents Friday north of Baghdad, wounding three crew members, the U.S. military said. 
 Backing down ahead of a deadline, Iran apparently has given up its demand to exempt some equipment from a deal freezing uranium enrichment programs that can make nuclear weapons, diplomats said Sunday. 
 Mount Rainier shook with a 3.2-magnitude earthquake, but scientists said the quake was not related to recent rumblings at Mount St. Helens, its sister volcano 80 kilometers (50 miles) to the south. 
 A German man who achieved notoriety in this northeastern Thai town for allegedly trying to infect dozens of women with HIV_ the virus that causes AIDS _ was found guilty Friday of overstaying his visa, and may be deported. 
 Uncertainty and speculation on the outcome of the U.S. presidential election yielded a scattered performance for the dollar amid some jittery trading Tuesday. 
 Tommy Burns wants the Scotland coaching job fulltime. 
 Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson says he doesn't want the club to be taken over by American businessman Malcolm Glazer. 
 Stocks rose modestly in uninspired trading Thursday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from Google Inc. and Applied Materials Inc. 
 Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. said Monday that Gold Fields Ltd. had attempted to hire one of its senior employees to leak information about Harmony's hostile takeover bid. 
 A television talk show host's treason trial could begin this week after he spent more than two years waiting in a Guyana jail cell, a judge said Monday. 
 David Beckham trained with the Real Madrid squad Monday for the first time since breaking his ribs last month. 
 Glenn McGrath and Jason Gillespie tore through New Zealand's middle order Sunday, taking four second-session wickets to leave the visitors with the prospect of having to follow-on against Australia in the second cricket test. 
 Just when you thought computer-animated extravaganzas had devolved into little more than a litany of played-out pop culture references and some swaths of bright color comes "The Incredibles," a smart, sophisticated, much-needed reminder _ after "Shark Tale" _ of the best the genre can be. 
 Haiti's normally uproarious Day of the Dead passed almost without notice Tuesday in the gritty city of Gonaives, where bodies were floating through the streets just a month ago. 
 The Paris Club of creditor nations said Tuesday that it would cancel most of the debt it is owed by Madagascar, citing the island nation's commitment to economic and structural reforms. 
 A loud blast echoed Saturday across the capital of Baghdad. 
 Premier Wen Jiabao will try to expand Chinese export markets in Southeast Asia and ease territorial disputes at a regional summit in Laos next week, the Foreign Ministry said Wednesday. 
 Legislators on Thursday voted to endorse a leader of the country's main Tutsi party to become the new vice president, a day after President Domitien Ndayizeye fired his Tutsi vice president following a tussle over the country's new constitution. 
 Police were investigating the cause of an explosion at a teahouse in western China that killed 12 people and injured 24 others, an official said Friday. 
 Despite a thriving economic partnership, political ties between Japan and China are at their lowest ebb in years. The two countries are locked in disputes over World War II history, natural gas exploration and now a bold incursion by a Chinese nuclear submarine. 
 The Bosnian Serb government issued an apology Wednesday for the 1995 massacre of 7,800 Muslim civilians in Srebrenica, saying it "shares the pain" of the victims' families. 
 Royal Caribbean cruise ships will once again dock in St. Croix later this month, but only as an overnight refueling stop, officials said Tuesday. 
 Danish Queen Margrethe was feted by schoolchildren waving flags and a ceremonial guard of Japanese troops Tuesday during the formal opening of an eight-day official visit to Japan. 
 Road accidents killed eight people in Indonesia as they traveled home to celebrate the end of the Islamic fasting month, police said Monday. 
 A Turkomen journalist was wounded but survived an assassination attempt Sunday when gunmen opened fire at him in the northern city of Kirkuk, police said. 
 The battered shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. surged nearly 9 percent Friday after its pilots agreed to pay cuts to try to help the ailing carrier escape bankruptcy, but their new contract offers no guarantees for the company's future. 
 Jazz pianist and songwriter Joe Bushkin, who co-wrote Frank Sinatra's first hit and performed with some of the best jazz musicians of his time, has died of pneumonia. He was 87. 
 Frederick Cherono led a Kenyan clean sweep at the 22nd Athens Classic Marathon Sunday. 
 Opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko on Monday picked up more support for his run-off battle against Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych, while tensions rose over the first round's vote count, whose final tally still has not been announced. 
 The number of mobile phone subscribers in China surged to 320 million by the end of October, with an average of 5.5 million new cell phone users signing up each month this year, the government reported Tuesday. 
 French troops destroyed Ivory Coast's air force _ five helicopters and two planes _ in response to a bombing raid by the West African country that killed nine French peacekeepers, the Defense Ministry said Sunday. 
 Joaosinho Trinta, a prominent designer of carnival parades, remained hospitalized in serious condition Sunday after suffering a stroke. 
 A rapper surrendered Friday to face allegations that he stabbed a man who had punched hip-hop superstar Dr. Dre during the taping of a music awards show, authorities said. 
 The body of a soldier who died of a gunshot wound was found at a British military base in Basra, making her Britain's first female military fatality since the start of the Iraq war, the government said Monday. 
 Goalkeeper Fabien Barthez will miss France's upcoming friendly with Poland because of a heavily bruised knee. 
 Scott Peterson strangled or smothered his pregnant wife not simply to be with his lover, but to rid himself of an unwanted child and to pursue life as a freewheeling bachelor, a prosecutor contended during closing arguments in a case that has run for 23 weeks. 
 The Bush administration has asked the Supreme Court to block the only U.S. law allowing doctors to help terminally ill patients die more quickly. 
 The women's rights movement and the AIDS movement must come together if the world is to ultimately win the fight against HIV, the United Nations said. 
 World Series MVP Manny Ramirez of the Boston Red Sox has pulled out of Major League Baseball's tour of Japan because of a sore left hamstring. 
 The upper chamber of the Czech parliament, the Senate, voted Thursday to abolish the draft and create an all-professional force. 
 A bomb attack in western Bangladesh killed a ruling party member and wounded seven others, an official said Wednesday. 
 The Japanese may have won the pre-game home-run derby Sunday at Tokyo Dome, but once the game started it was the Major League All-Stars who were teeing off. 
 Georgia will "significantly" increase the number of troops serving in Iraq as part of U.S.-led operations there, President Mikhail Saakashvili said Friday. 
 British police claimed Tuesday to have smashed an international prostitution ring after arresting four people on suspicion of smuggling Lithuanian women for exploitation. 
 Atlante's Luis Gabriel Rey scored three goals Saturday to lead his team into the semifinals of the Mexican first division soccer playoffs with 4-3 second-leg victory over Toluca. 
 France defended itself against accusations by Ivory Coast authorities _ and some Western evacuees _ that it used excessive force to protect foreigners against violent mobs during five days of upheaval in its former West African colony. 
 Spanish police have arrested two more Algerians suspected of ties to a radical Islamic cell that allegedly plotted to blow up the center of Spain's anti-terror investigations, court officials said Tuesday. 
 Candidates backed by President Hugo Chavez swept all but two of 23 governorships in Sunday's regional elections, but opposition incumbents in two key states were re-elected, according to preliminary results announced by elections authorities. 
 Triple World Cup equestrian champion Hugo Simon sent his best horse, E.T., into retirement on Monday. 
 Malaysia's largest auto distributor, Edaran Otomobil Nasional Bhd., said it has signed a deal with Japan's Mitsubishi Corp. to jointly distribute Mitsubishi vehicles. 
 On the eve of the U.S. presidential election, China accused President George W. Bush of trying to "rule over the whole world," saying the invasion of Iraq destroyed the global anti-terrorism coalition and worsened religious and ethnic conflicts. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Tuesday following gains on Wall Street. 
 Ja Rule's manager was arrested as part of an investigation into the music label once known as Murder Inc. 
 A 14-month-old Iraqi girl who received free treatment in the United States for a possibly fatal growth in her neck began the trip home, about six months after her parents brought her to a U.S. military base in her homeland. 
 The U.N. Security Council considered a draft resolution Friday on Sudan to conclude a rare meeting outside of New York intended to focus world attention on two conflicts that have left millions of people dead or homeless. 
 Deputy Prime Minister Tony Tan will visit Switzerland for three days starting Monday to study its research and development sector as part of Singapore's efforts to review its own strategies in the area, the government said Sunday. 
 Virgin Mobile Holdings PLC reported an 18 percent surge in revenue but lower net profits for the half year Thursday as the costs of its listing on the London Stock Exchange this summer hurt the bottom line. 
 A former Miss Universe contestant will bring some glamor to Singapore's normally drab Parliament following her appointment as a nonvoting member, media reports said Thursday. 
 The Russian government on Friday reiterated its criticism of a planned meeting between a respected rights group and a Chechen rebel envoy, saying it could yield no positive result. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $433.60 per troy ounce Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $430.10 late Thursday. 
 The United States and Europe are not planning to send heads of states to a funeral for the ailing Yasser Arafat, but rather Cabinet ministers or diplomats, diplomats said Tuesday. 
 Egypt is offering to host a funeral service for Yasser Arafat in Cairo, a Palestinian official said Tuesday. 
 Major Chinese telecommunications equipment maker Huawei Technologies Co. has won contracts to supply telecom gear in Kenya, Zimbabwe and Nigeria, the company said Saturday. 
 The State Department will ask the Chinese government about a former senior Chinese official who was quoted as accusing President George W. Bush of trying to "rule over the whole world." 
 A new entry fee has helped Northern Europe's largest Gothic Cathedral improve its finances, figures released Tuesday showed. 
 President Bashar Assad has ordered bonuses of 50 percent of one's monthly salary to be paid to about 5 million civil servants, military personnel and pensioners, the official Syrian Arab News Agency reported Thursday. 
 Major points on the deal to reduce billions of euros (dollars) of Iraqi debt: 
 Hundreds of protesters marched Sunday in a central Iraqi town to protest the massive U.S. offensive against the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah and denounced the country's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi. 
 The remains of a Croatian truck driver killed by insurgents in Iraq was returned to his hometown Tuesday after a grueling evacuation lasting several days. 
 A unit of the industrial, financial and media conglomerate General Electric Co. said Wednesday it will buy the water treatment company Ionics Inc. for $1.1 billion (euro840 million) in cash. 
 China will selectively reduce spending to help trim its ballooning fiscal deficit, state media reported Monday, citing top economic officials who also stressed Beijing's intention to keep its monetary and currency policies stable. 
 A cow the Agriculture Department had suspected of carrying mad cow disease was declared free of the illness after follow-up tests, officials said. The announcement was a relief to the U.S. beef industry, which is still trying to recover from the nation's first case of the disease last December. 
 The daughter of a relative of Iraq's prime minister appealed Thursday for her parents' release after kidnappers abducted them, possibly to pressure the Iraqi leader to call off the offensive in Fallujah. 
 A year ago, Shane Mosley was celebrating his second win over Oscar De La Hoya and making plans to replace him as one of boxing's biggest stars. 
 Alstom SA, the French engineering group, narrowed its loss in its fiscal first half and said it was on course to meet key targets set out in last year's state-backed rescue plan. 
 Gold closed at US$438.85 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$2.60 an ounce from Friday's close of US$436.25. 
 Strong sales for Impressionist and modern works were evident this week at New York's premier auction houses, with Paul Gauguin's "Maternite (II)" bringing in $39.2 million (euro30.5 million) and Claude Monet's "London, the Parliament, Effects of Sun in the Fog" $20.1 million (euro15.6 million). 
 An Israeli helicopter fired a missile Friday night at an empty house in the Rafah refugee camp, causing no casualties, the Israeli army and witnesses said. 
 Monterrey, Toluca and Guadalajara qualified for the quarterfinals in the penultimate round of the Mexican league. 
 A key member of Ariel Sharon's coalition on Sunday threatened to vote against the prime minister's budget proposal, deepening a crisis that could bring down his embattled government. 
 Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has ordered the reduction of troops in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir, a senior government official said Thursday. 
 After nearly 13 tense hours, rescuers using a powerful drill and working under bright lights Monday saved a toddler trapped at the bottom of an abandoned well, bringing him out to cheers, tears and cries of "Praise the Lord!" 
 Two Wangs driving Shanghai-produced Volkswagens succeeded on the gravel roads around Perth where big names like Petter Solberg and Marcus Gronholm failed in the season-ending Rally Australia. 
 Gunmen stormed the compound of a Saudi company Monday and seized an American, a Nepalese and four Iraqi guards after a gunbattle in which two people were killed, the Interior Ministry and police said. 
 Over the nation's history, many rituals and traditions have been added to presidential inaugurations. A timeline of their development, as provided by the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies: 
 There will be cloudiness with isolated to scattered showers from Morocco to Tunisia and into northwestern Libya on Thursday. The rest of northern Africa will be sunny to partly cloudy and mostly dry. 
 Colombia, Peru, and Uruguay seek to capitalize on home games on Wednesday to keep pace in a tight South American World Cup qualifying race. 
 A landmark deal aimed at freezing the development of Iranian nuclear weapons will fail, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview published Sunday, despite a new Iranian willingness to push it through. 
 Secretary-General Kofi Annan expressed optimism that a new Palestinian leader will join Israel's prime minister and the international parties that drafted the "road map" to Mideast peace in a new push to end decades of conflict in the Mideast. 
 A government panel decided Tuesday to allow four former officials to share classified information when they appear before the U.N. war crimes court. 
 A blast ignited a German diplomatic car parked on a Beirut street late Friday, destroying the vehicle but causing no casualties, police said. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday his government had no plans to replace an 850-strong British battalion, which was redeployed closer to Baghdad to help U.S. troops, when its 30-day tour ends next month. 
 Guatemalan painter, sculptor and writer Marco Augusto Quiroa, an outspoken socialist who drew on a working-class background in his art, has died. He was 67. 
 Fighting has broken out between rival rebel factions near Senegal's border with Gambia, insurgents said Friday, the first clashes in months in the country's troubled southern Casamance province. 
 For sale: Bulletproof limousine, once owned by China's best-known smuggling suspect. Price: Rock-bottom. 
 New Zealand Olympian Jeremy Yates won a local road race sanctioned by Bike New Zealand on Saturday, two days after he was banned by Belgian cycling officials for doping. 
 Finnish ratification of the EU constitution will likely come by the end of 2005, Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen said, adding it will not go to a popular vote. 
 The senior U.S. Marine commander in Iraq said Thursday that the U.S.-led offensive in Fallujah has "broken the back of the insurgency" by seizing their main base of operations. 
 Germany's foreign minister expressed concern Tuesday over international observers' findings that Ukraine's weekend presidential election fell short of European democratic standards, warning that "the will of the people must not be distorted." 
 TEHRAN, Iran _ Iran is in the "final stages" of negotiations with the Europeans over a nuclear dispute that could be referred to the U.N. Security Council, Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi said Saturday. But European diplomats say an agreement is a long way off. 
 Family values, traditional values and now, "moral values." Most American adults would say they have them, and yet that two-word phrase is the focus of an ideological tug-of-war heightened by President George W. Bush's re-election, with conservatives declaring principal ownership and liberals scrambling to challenge them. 
 Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer escalated the battle for control of Manchester United on Friday by voting three members off the board. 
 French television maker Thomson SA has bought a small stake in Konka Group Co., one of China's biggest TV manufacturers, the Chinese company said Wednesday. 
 Brazil's gun buyback program has been so successful that the government is considering extending it for another six months, Justice Minister Marcio Thomaz Bastos said Monday. 
 Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero expressed support Monday for Germany's handling of its budget deficit, saying he favored a flexible approach to the financial rules set down by the European Union. 
 Today is Wednesday, November 10, the 314th day of 2004. There are 51 days left in the year. 
 The market may have been sighing in relief over the quick resolution of the presidential race, but investors should be careful about rushing into sectors they think might do well during the second Bush administration: All may not be as it seems. 
 Two Paraguayan Air Force pilots were killed Friday after their single-engine airplane crashed minutes after takeoff during a flight training trip. 
 A powerful car bomb exploded Tuesday near the offices of a top government official in the southwestern city of Quetta, injuring at least four people, police said. 
 A militant Islamic cell suspected of plotting to blow up a Spanish court had prepared a backup team with other possible targets including Madrid's biggest soccer stadium and the headquarters of the conservative Popular Party, a judge said Tuesday. 
 A U.S. soldier has been charged in connection with wrongful killing of Iraqis, the U.S. military said Monday. 
 Police checkpoints that have surrounded the Capitol since last August were gone Thursday following a postelection decision by authorities to lower the threat level. 
 The Asian Development Bank said Friday it has approved a US$301 million loan package to improve the road network in northwestern Pakistan. 
 The prospect of a tight race for the presidency _ and a repeat of the 2000 court battle _ prompted a late selloff on Wall Street on Tuesday, with stocks finishing the session mixed despite a fresh drop in oil prices. 
 Japanese financial markets were closed Wednesday for Culture Day, a national holiday. Trading will resume Thursday. 
 Eritrea wants the international guarantors of its peace deal with Ethiopia to press the neighboring country to accept an independent commission's redrawing of their shared border, a senior official said. 
 Now that Laura Diaz is starting to see progress, the LPGA Tour season is about to end. But at least she gets one more week, which is all she wanted. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court has rejected a challenge to the only state that allows gay marriages, declining to hear an appeal aimed at overturning the Massachusetts law that prompted a debate on the legality and morality of same-sex unions. 
 The City Council unanimously passed a tax relief package aimed at keeping film companies and other businesses from leaving Los Angeles. 
 The greatest center in Miami history isn't sure that adding Shaquille O'Neal to the Heat lineup makes them a sure thing for the NBA Finals. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange were lower at midday Monday. 
 The United States must live up to the spirit of a deal with poor countries and halt financial aid to American cotton farmers, African officials said Thursday. 
 Former Czech President Vaclav Havel plans to begin a six-day visit to Taiwan this week, the government said Monday. 
 The United Arab Emirates began 40 days of mourning Wednesday following the death of the wealthy Gulf state's founding president, who helped transform seven backwater Gulf states into the world's ninth largest oil producer and a high-tech commercial crossroads of gleaming skyscrapers. 
 A man set himself afire Monday just outside a White House gate and repeatedly yelled "Allah Allah" as a Secret Service officer held him facedown on the sidewalk. 
 The world's top finance officials stopped well short of expressing serious concern about the plunging U.S. dollar at a meeting that ended Sunday, although they issued a call for "steps toward greater exchange-rate flexibility" in Asia's emerging economies. 
 A shooting in a Sarajevo streetcar Monday left one person dead and two wounded, police said. 
 More than 4,000 U.S. Marines and Army troops punched their way into northeastern Fallujah Monday, kicking off a massive assault that seeks to put an end to half a year of insurgent control of the Sunni Muslim city. 
 U.S. Ambassador Daniel Coats sought to allay fears that U.S. President George W. Bush's election might signal a new effort to obtain military support from Germany in Iraq, saying in remarks released Sunday that the administration knows the country is against sending troops. 
 Michael Moore plans a follow-up to "Fahrenheit 9/11," his hit documentary that assails President George W. Bush over the handling of the Sept. 11 attacks and the war on terrorism, according to a Hollywood trade paper. 
 Scrumhalf Piru Weepu and center Casey Laulala will debut for the All Blacks against Wales on Saturday as New Zealand coach Graham Henry makes nine changes to the team that outplayed Italy 59-10 in Rome. 
 Troubled British retailer Marks & Spencer Group PLC announced a management shakeup Tuesday as it reported lower profits in the six months ending Oct. 2. 
 More than a dozen reputed street gang members, organized crime associates, pharmacists and college students have been arrested for their parts in an alleged ring that sold the powerful painkiller OxyContin in the Boston area, authorities said Thursday. 
 Fidel Castro appears to be strong and healthy, despite an accidental fall last month in which he shattered a kneecap and broke his right arm, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Sunday after paying the Cuban leader a surprise visit. 
 A Serbian wanted for war crimes allegedly committed during the Bosnian war is openly living in a town near Belgrade, despite international pressure on Serbia to extradite war crimes suspects to a U.N. tribunal, a radio station reported Saturday. 
 Japan's prime minister could order the military to shoot down incoming missiles without Cabinet approval under legislation being prepared by the government, media reported Monday. 
 Like many other Palestinian families in this refugee camp, the Jabrs have adorned the walls of their tiny, rundown home with photographs of dead relatives, most of them killed fighting Israel. 
 A U.S. citizen has been found guilty of drug trafficking and sentenced to three years in prison, an official said Wednesday. 
 A small airliner attempting to land in a rainstorm crashed Thursday into the fire station of Caracas' international airport, killing three people and injuring 18, authorities said. 
 Oragami-like chandeliers hang from a 40-foot ceiling illuminating a massive reception hall. Drawn gold drapes part to reveal a full-size replica of the Oval Office. 
 Crude oil futures eased a shade Tuesday in range-bound trade as analysts predicted a weekly U.S. oil inventories report could show a rise in stocks. 
 A court in southern Uzbekistan has convicted 34 men on terrorism charges in connection with attacks this year that left dozens dead, a rights activist said Wednesday. 
 Venezuela's largest telecommunications company, Cantv, announced it will buy a local affiliate of Telecom Italia Mobile for US$450 million (euro350 million). 
 Barrick Gaming Corp. said Wednesday it is buying the Golden Nugget Laughlin for $31 million (euro23.9 million) from the Poster Financial Group Inc., the latest deal in the rapidly consolidating gambling industry. 
 The British and French Formula One races will be on the calendar next season after team directors reached a deal Tuesday with F1 chief executive Bernie Ecclestone. 
 Director Robert Zemeckis, traveling on "The Polar Express," stopped long enough to pick up a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. 
 Top political leaders Wednesday signed a declaration reaffirming their commitment to peace following a referendum on ethnic Albanian minority rights that led to a renewal of tensions. 
 Ignoring global warming could render new parts of the Earth uninhabitable, warned climate experts at a meeting Monday on how to fight greenhouse emissions once Kyoto Protocal obligations expire in 2012. 
 A U.S. Army supply unit whose members refused a dangerous fuel delivery mission last month has now fitted its vehicles with armor to protect against insurgent attack, the U.S. military said Saturday. 
 The legal attache for the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City was shot as he got out of his car in what appeared to be a botched robbery attempt, an embassy spokeswoman said Wednesday. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush will continue his "aggressive" foreign policy and will not hesitate to act alone, Secretary of State Colin Powell said in an interview published Tuesday. 
 Franco-American, the brand name that has adorned cans of kids' mealtime favorite SpaghettiOs and other foods for more than a century, is being consigned to history. 
 A memorabilia collector was ordered to turn over O.J. Simpson's press credentials from the 1984 Olympics in another tiny step toward satisfying a $33.5 million (euro25.6 million) award in a lawsuit that found Simpson liable for the slayings of his ex-wife and her friend. 
 "Fade to Black," which documents the concert that had been billed as Jay-Z's last, probably was a lot more poignant for the people who packed Madison Square Garden that night than it will be for moviegoers. 
 A summit of finance officials in Berlin issued a call Sunday for more flexible exchange rate practices in Asia, a step European officials think would take some of the upward pressure off a rapidly rising euro. 
 Myanmar's beleaguered opposition party has praised the way the U.S. presidential election was held, saying their military-ruled country should emulate America. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's spokesman said Saturday that the government is determined to hold the Jan. 30 elections on time despite calls by Sunni Muslim politicians to delay the balloting for six months because of deteriorating security. 
 A lack of AIDS education is still leading to infections, especially of children, in the tiny southern African nation, a joint government and United Nations report released Wednesday said. 
 Leiria extended Benfica's winless streak to three Sunday, winning 1-0 while Sporting Lisbon won its fifth in its last seven with a 4-1 victory over next-to-last placed Moreirense. 
 Iran on Saturday freed 193 Pakistanis who had been arrested for allegedly entering the country illegally, a Pakistani immigration official said. 
 FC Porto's reign as European champion will end on Wednesday unless it wins in Moscow and former coach Jose Mourinho does it a favor by beating Paris Saint-Germain. 
 Bosnia's top international official on Sunday revoked the license of a bank, saying its main shareholder diverted public funds into private pockets and is suspected of passing money to Bosnia's most wanted war-crimes suspect, Radovan Karadzic. 
 China's Dutch-born coach Arie Haan says he'll step down if his team is knocked out of World Cup qualifying after next week's game against Hong Kong. 
 When Emma Agger turned 6, her father Simon, a die-hard European soccer fan, decided she was old enough to watch the game in its native habitat. 
 Mexico said on Monday it will be able to pay off its pending water debt to the United States "in the next few years," noting it has cut the debt in half since 2000. 
 Two U.N. workers who spent nearly a month in the hands of mysterious Afghan kidnappers flew out of Kabul on Sunday toward the warm welcomes of relatives and friends in Northern Ireland and Kosovo. 
 Leftist rebels ambushed a police convoy with automatic weapons in northeastern Colombia, killing nine officers and wounding three, authorities said. 
 Latvia's outgoing European Union commissioner, Sandra Kalniete, has agreed to serve as the country's ambassador to Belgium, an official in her Brussels office said Tuesday. 
 The FBI is investigating the reported thefts of scores of propane cylinders in the Denver area _ a crime spree that has raised fears of a terrorist attack. 
 Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels have recruited more than 3,500 child soldiers since signing a cease-fire with the government in 2002, despite pledges to stop the practice, an international human rights group said. 
 The European Union said Thursday it had no immediate plans to change its approach to recognize the Republic of Macedonia, after the United States reportedly did so. 
 Now comes the hard part for the Pittsburgh Steelers. After knocking off the NFL's last two unbeaten teams, they go on the road against a division foe and traditional rival this weekend. 
 Iraqi forces, backed by U.S. soldiers, stormed one of the major Sunni Muslim mosques in Baghdad after Friday prayers, opening fire and killing at least three people, according to eyewitnesses. 
 A dispute at an illegal gambling house ended in the stabbing death of a man in Antigua, police said Sunday. 
 King Juan Carlos is taking to his private meeting Wednesday with President George W. Bush a personal message from Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero. 
 Algerians marked the 50th anniversary of the start of their war for independence from France with a cannon salute and fireworks on Monday. 
 Pakistan's navy has detained 40 Indian fishermen and impounded their five boats for illegally intruding into Pakistani territory in the Arabian Sea, police said Sunday. 
 A British company, which is among a handful in the world promoting affordable space tourism, has offered to turn a northern Malaysian state into Asia's first space travel hub, officials said Wednesday. 
 Visiting South African cricketers bowed their heads and prayed at Mother Teresa's tomb in this eastern Indian city on Saturday, a day before the start of the second and final cricket test against India. 
 The United Nations launched the upcoming International Year of Sport with two top athletes _ the world's No. 1-ranked tennis player Roger Federer who admitted being far more nervous than on a tennis court and New York marathon champion Margaret Okayo. 
 The body of a 24-year-old Japanese backpacker beheaded by militants in Iraq arrived home Wednesday, as his father said he was "filled with unbearable emotion" at the death of his son. 
 As leaders from Pacific Rim economies gathered for a weekend summit on trade and security issues, their government ministers on Thursday were wrapping up talks on similar issues and jockeying for one-on-one meetings to press their agendas. 
 The Veterans Affairs Department said Friday it no longer will pay for studies that seek to show stress is the primary cause of mysterious ailments afflicting thousands of veterans of the 1991 Gulf War. 
 Taliban-linked militants threatening to kill three U.N. hostages are accusing the United States of hampering their release, although an Afghan official says a ransom demand is the main stumbling block. 
 One year in business was all it took for London restaurant The Wolseley to net an elite honor: Restaurant of the Year at the Harpers and Moet Awards. 
 Pope John Paul II has accepted the resignation of Bishop Norbert Dorsey as head of the diocese in Orlando, Florida, the Vatican said Saturday. 
 France on Saturday marked what President Jacques Chirac called a "sad anniversary" _ 100 days since two French reporters were taken hostage in Iraq. 
 The leaders of Sri Lanka and India were set to meet Thursday, with discussions expected to focus on Sri Lanka's fragile peace process, the Indian government says. 
 Four large explosions shook the area near the U.S.-guarded Green Zone after sundown Sunday but there was no word on any damage or casualties. 
 International rights groups welcomed Cuba's surprise release of three dissidents jailed last year in a broad crackdown, and called on Fidel Castro's government to free another 65 still behind bars. 
 Car bombs killed at least a dozen people in Baghdad and another major city as pressure mounted on interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi to avert a full-scale U.S. attack on the insurgent stronghold Fallujah. 
 The U.S. State Department urged Sudanese government Friday to ensure unrestricted access for humanitarian workers and for assistance to victims of violence in Sudan's western Darfur region. 
 Austrian authorities said Wednesday they found an unexploded World War II bomb _ the third such discovery in the past month in or near the western city of Linz. 
 Over more than a decade, Saddam Hussein's government raised more than $21.3 billion (euro16.44 billion) in illegal revenue by subverting U.N. sanctions against Iraq including the humanitarian oil-for-food program, congressional investigators estimated. 
 Health activists on Tuesday demanded more money for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria ahead of the group's board meeting where U.S. representatives are expected to push for a suspension of new projects. 
 Jordan's King Abdullah II stripped his half brother and heir apparent of his title as crown prince in an abrupt shakeup Sunday aimed at redeeming the full power the king inherited from his late father. 
 Illinois' Supreme Court has allowed a woman who served a prison term in Florida for the death of her child to regain custody of a 3-year-old boy born after she moved to Illinois. 
 The Kentucky Supreme Court on Thursday overturned a murder conviction in the 1994 sniper death of a University of Kentucky athlete, saying the prosecutor committed a "flagrant" violation of the U.S. Constitution. 
 The Albanian parliament has approved keeping a military presence in Bosnia after the European Union takes over the peacekeeping mission in the country, a spokesman said Friday. 
 The pope Friday appointed the Rev. Ronald Herzog, a pastor in Laurel, Mississippi, as bishop of Alexandria, Louisiana. 
 Beijing warned Hong Kong lawmakers Monday against backing a legislative motion calling for a referendum on direct elections, denouncing it as a challenge to China's constitutional system. 
 Police said Tuesday they have arrested a woman in the abduction of an unborn baby who was cut from its mother's womb while she was unconscious. 
 Militants claiming to hold three U.N. hostages said they would decide Friday whether to kill them, after declaring that talks on their demands, including the release of Taliban prisoners, had broken down. 
 A federal jury has convicted a physician for her role in illegally bringing a 14-year-old Nigerian girl into the United States and forcing her to work as an unpaid domestic servant. 
 Four Bahrainis pleaded innocent Monday to plotting attacks on targets in the Gulf island kingdom and to having contacts with foreign terrorist organizations, then stood in stunned silence when judges allowed them to go home to their families until their next court appearance. 
 Democracy's apparent dead end in Myanmar, the terrorist threat from a Muslim insurgency in Thailand, and the flight of foreign investment to colossus China are on the diplomatic plate for Southeast Asia's annual summit next week. 
 President Mikhail Saakashvili announced the beginning of a new U.S. training program for Georgian peacekeepers Thursday, and said his former Soviet republic will join NATO "sooner than many think." 
 Insurgents killed two U.S. Marines and wounded four others in fighting west of Baghdad, the U.S. military said Friday, as U.S. jets pounded targets in the insurgent-held city of Fallujah to soften up militants ahead of a planned mass assault. 
 U.N. diplomats abandoned contentious efforts to draft a treaty that would outlaw human cloning and will likely settle for a weaker declaration that won't seek a comprehensive ban, officials said. 
 Americans in Asia washed down pizza, burgers and doughnuts with their breakfast coffee Wednesday as they skipped work to watch results trickle in from the hotly contested presidential election back home. 
 Drug agents acting on a tip raided an area in a deserted mountainous region in southwestern Pakistan and seized 585 kilograms (1,290 pounds) of morphine, an official said Tuesday. 
 After ending New England's 21-game winning streak last week, the Pittsburgh Steelers greet the Philadelphia Eagles _ the NFL's last unbeaten team _ on Sunday in a game which might preview a matchup for a much grander title. 
 A French politician serving as the European Union's new transport commissioner received a suspended sentence in 2000 for his role in a party funding scandal but was pardoned and now has a "clean record," an EU spokesman said Friday. 
 Delegates to a meeting of Asia's biggest security grouping called Friday for closer military cooperation amid concern about terrorism and North Korea's nuclear program. 
 Pakistani authorities arrested 78 people in southwestern Baluchistan province who wanted to enter Iran illegally, officials said Tuesday. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Sale hooker Sebastien Bruno was a surprize call up Wednesday to the French rugby union squad to face Australia in an upcoming test match at Stade de France. 
 Aker Kvaerner group on Monday reported a more than 30 percent decline in net profit for the third quarter because of increased taxes, but said orders were up, boding well for its earnings in the coming months. 
 Tamil Tiger rebels on Thursday accused Sri Lanka's president of misleading international peace backers and blamed her for a 19-month stalemate in efforts to permanently end two decades of civil war. 
 New chances for Middle East peacemaking will open up once Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has died and a successor takes over, a senior German diplomat said Wednesday. 
 The cost of the Ministry of Defense's biggest equipment projects were 1.7 billion pounds (US$3.2 billion, euro2.4 billion) over budget in the year to last March, officials said Wednesday. 
 Vietnam is engaged in talks with nearly 30 countries in its bid to join the World Trade Organization next year and has seen encouraging signs in negotiations with the United States, Vietnam's deputy prime minister said Wednesday. 
 A bankruptcy judge gave United Airlines, America's second largest carrier, more time Friday to negotiate with its unions on more labor concessions. 
 Le Beaujolais Nouveau has arrived! And while figures show that French wine consumption is dropping, financier Michel Poncet still opted for a glass with his morning paper Thursday. 
 A paint container exploded in the camp of South Korean troops based in northern Iraq on Tuesday, killing a civilian worker, officials said. 
 Union officials representing 40 percent of Walt Disney World's 52,000-person work force asked a mediator to help them reach a contract with the company after a third proposal was rejected by members who also authorized a strike, if necessary. 
 U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow repeated Thursday that the United States supports a strong dollar and "currency values set in open markets," even as the dollar plunged to a new low against the euro earlier in the day. 
 The head of the U.N. agency that helps Palestinian refugees accused Israel on Monday of a smear campaign against his agency and crippling its work by destroying its property, blocking aid convoys, and keeping Palestinians from work. 
 Australia's finance minister welcomed signs Tuesday that the country's economy was slowing to a more sustainable pace, but also warned of tough economic times ahead. 
 The U.S. Embassy in Athens warned Americans in Greece on Saturday to exercise caution and heighten their level of security following Washington's formal recognition last week of Macedonia under that name. 
 Turkey's membership in the European Union rests heavily on Ankara's conduct toward the war-divided island of Cyprus, Greek Premier Costas Caramanlis said Saturday. 
 Macedonia's president said Thursday that the United States had recognized Macedonia under "its constitutional name," calling it the biggest diplomatic victory since the troubled Balkan state gained independence from Yugoslavia in 1991. 
 McDonald's Corp. reported another month of strong worldwide sales Monday, sending its stock to its highest level in nearly three years. 
 The U.N. Security Council on Saturday demanded an immediate halt to all military action in Ivory Coast and confirmed that U.N. peacekeepers and French forces are authorized to use "all necessary means" to carry out their jobs. 
 The United States would like to help develop Bangladesh's economy _ but this impoverished country must do more to contain lawlessness and corruption, a visiting U.S. official said Friday. 
 Comparing pornography to heroin, researchers are calling on Congress to finance studies on "porn addiction" and launch a public health campaign about its dangers. 
 Germany's main Jewish leader broke ground Tuesday for a new synagogue to replace one burned down in the Nazis' Kristallnacht pogrom on the same day 66 years earlier. 
 The United States could accelerate its aid to Afghanistan during President George W. Bush's second term, Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage said Wednesday. 
 Georgia and the breakaway region of South Ossetia set a Nov. 20 deadline to withdraw troops and other armed groups from their border zone in an effort to reduce simmering tensions, the Russian Foreign Ministry announced Saturday. 
 Winky Wright toiled for years in boxing's minor leagues, patiently waiting for his big chance. Even when he won a piece of the super welterweight title, not many in the sport paid much attention. 
 Crude oil futures rose Wednesday ahead of an extended weekend for traders, even though weekly government data showed rising domestic inventories of crude and distillate fuel, which includes heating oil. 
 The governor of Iraq's Shiite-dominated Najaf province said on Monday that police had arrested his own security chief after uncovering an alleged plot to assassinate top regional officials _ including the governor himself. 
 After his team's victory over Tri Nations champion South Africa, Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan has rested several of his front line players for Saturday's game against the United States at Lansdowne Road. 
 A loud blast was heard in Baghdad Thursday with smoke seen rising on the western bank of the Tigris River. 
 Pacific Rim leaders wrapped up a two-day summit Sunday with pledges to shore up global security and push ahead with the World Trade Organization's global talks on lowering trade barriers seen as impediments to economic growth. 
 Opposition leader Mark Latham's popularity has slumped to its lowest level since he took the Labor Party's helm a year ago, according to an opinion poll published Tuesday that follows his resounding election defeat last month. 
 The United States is preparing to continue military assistance to Georgia in coming years, possibly with a new U.S. training program for peacekeepers, Georgia's defense minister said Tuesday. 
 Gold bullion opened Wednesday at a bid price of US$433.10 a troy ounce, down from US$434.30 late Tuesday. 
 The Republican Party posted thousands of people inside Ohio polling places to challenge voters' eligibility Tuesday after a dispute that went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court just hours before the balloting began. 
 International researchers launched the first worldwide health research summit Tuesday in a desperate bid to revive research on the so-called "forgotten diseases," the illnesses of the poor that account for half the world's deaths. 
 European Union leaders on Friday reluctantly pledged to craft an EU-wide asylum and immigration policy by 2010. 
 Lowe's Cos. Inc., which operates the United States' second biggest home improvement chain, said Monday its earnings rose 15.5 percent in third quarter on a 16.2 percent increase in sales. 
 Hard-bitten northeastern England has been an engine of Britain's manufacturing revolution, the center of its postindustrial decline and a battleground for Margaret Thatcher's 1980s face-off with the nation's once-powerful unions. 
 Smuggling rings based in southeastern Europe cost the European Union billions of euros (dollars) in lost taxes each year, a top EU official said Thursday. 
 Israel was reacting with uncharacteristic calm after a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv by a Palestinian teenager killed three Israelis _ a test of Israel's pledge to show restraint in the wake of Yasser Arafat's illness. 
 Aerospace and high-tech manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. will hire 1,000 software programmers and invest US$10 million (euro 7.85 million) in India over the next 12 months, an company official said Monday. 
 FIFA ordered an investigation Thursday into the racist abuse directed by Spanish fans at England's black soccer players. Some critics said Spain should be forced to play its home games in empty stadiums. 
 An Iranian movie on the life of a man who prepared the dead for burial for 40 years has won the top award at the 45th Thessaloniki Film Festival, organizers said Sunday. 
 The FBI and U.S. attorney's office are investigating the apparent theft of about $350,000 in checks from a Democratic campaign committee, federal law enforcement and Democratic Party officials said Thursday. 
 Two men have been arrested in Belgium in connection with the largest shipment of ecstasy ever seized in Australia, police said Monday. 
 A jury convicted Scott Peterson of murdering his pregnant wife, Laci, and now will decide whether the philandering husband whose lurid trial became a TV and tabloid sensation should pay with his life. 
 Five U.S. senators and their wives landed in four helicopters at this sprawling U.S. base in Kosovo Tuesday to dine with U.S. peacekeepers and thank them for their work in the U.N.-run province. 
 After failing in two innings on his comeback in Nagpur, India is hoping Sachin Tendulkar can make amends with bat and ball when the fourth cricket test against Australia starts Wednesday. 
 Some 226 species of birds are at risk in Europe, a dire warning about the general state of the environment, a conservation group said Tuesday. 
 Former Rangers and Everton manager Walter Smith appears favorite to succeed Berti Vogts as Scotland coach after meeting Scottish Football Association officials for talks on Friday. 
 Pakistan's Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz was to arrive in New Delhi on Tuesday for talks with his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh as the nuclear-armed rivals continue to push to end decades of bitter relations. 
 Prominent Saudi religious scholars have called on Iraqis to support militants waging holy war against the U.S.-led coalition forces, saying fighting the occupation was a duty and a right. 
 The chairman of a top Italian manufacturer of appliances, Merloni Elettrodomestici SpA, won an award Wednesday for helping to boost Italian image and sales abroad. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu overpowered Chiyotaikai on Saturday to win the Emperor's Cup on the second last day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Mexican stocks rose to another record high Thursday amid heavy purchases from foreign investors and strong interest in retailer Walmex. 
 Gold bullion opened Monday at a bid price of US$433.48 a troy ounce, up from US$432.80 late Friday. 
 Thousands of commuters and school children in Finland's capital region were forced to find alternative forms of transport when 1,300 bus drivers began a strike early Tuesday. 
 A Dutch filmmaker was shot dead Tuesday outside a city government office in Amsterdam, police said. 
 In the latest dispute over patents between Japanese and South Korean electronics giants, Toshiba has sued Hynix Semiconductor, alleging patent infringement in flash-memory chips, key components in digital cameras and mobile phones. 
 Fourteen suspected members of the drug hit squad known as "The Zetas" were ordered to stand trial on Tuesday on organized crime, money laundering and weapons possession charges. 
 The United Nations' cultural agency on Tuesday awarded Taslimi Nasrin, a Bangladeshi writer who has received death threats from some extremist Islamic groups, its tolerance and nonviolence prize. 
 Former President Bill Clinton, noting an "astonishing turnout among evangelical Christians" in this year's election, warned that Democrats "cannot be nationally competitive when we don't feel comfortable talking about our convictions." 
 American voters were in a pessimistic frame of mind Tuesday, worried about terrorist attacks, the economy and the war in Iraq. 
 Border troops in southeastern Bangladesh have discovered an arms and ammunition cache, possibly smuggled from Myanmar, officials said Wednesday. 
 If NASCAR driver Ryan Newman could find a way to shift his qualifying magic to the races he would be a solid contender for the Nextel Cup championship. 
 Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi expressed hope that Palestinians will work peacefully to achieve statehood after the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. After protests from both within the government and the opposition, Italy announced it was upgrading its delegation to Arafat's funeral. 
 The company handling baggage for 11 airlines at Heathrow airport shut down Tuesday, putting some 750 ground staff out of work. 
 Manchester City expects Claudio Reyna to be out of action for up to two more months after a recurrence of his thigh injury and has sent the American midfielder to Germany to see an expert on such problems. 
 Japanese troops practiced shooting small arms on a desert range Tuesday in preparation for entering Iraq on a humanitarian mission being undertaken despite strong opposition at home. 
 Donovan McNabb spun away from one would-be tackler and sprinted to his right, only to find another defender waiting. So he went back to his left, chased by two more players, and finally heaved the ball, letting loose a 60-yard pass that looked more like a punt. 
 A British backpacker who went missing in Australia last month and was initially feared to have been murdered is now believed to have committed suicide, police said Monday. 
 Australia will be at full strength for the first time in months, while New Zealand should have captain Stephen Fleming, Nathan Astle and Daniel Vettori back and could be reinforced by Craig McMillan for the first cricket test at the Gabba. 
 Coalition troops in central Iraq exchanged fire with insurgents after coming under mortar attack, but the fighting ended without casualties or damage, a Polish military spokesman said Monday. 
 An Australian terror suspect may be able to avoid trial by a U.S. military commission now that a court in Washington has ruled that American authorities short-circuited the rights of another Guantanamo detainee, the suspect's lawyer said Tuesday. 
 A top Chechen official on Wednesday urged local law enforcement officials to step up the fight against terrorism and crime in the war-wrecked republic and said any civil servant who offers condolences over the death of a rebel will be fired, Russian news agencies reported. 
 An international human rights group said Thursday the Ukrainian government had interfered in all stages of the presidential election campaign in the latest sign of concern over democracy in the ex-Soviet republic. 
 Yasser Arafat's brain is working only partially because of hemorrhaging, and his organs except for heart and lungs "are not functioning well," the Palestinian foreign minister said Wednesday. 
 Heavily Mormon Utah has become the first and only state to meet the U.S. government's goal of reducing the smoking rate to about one in eight adults, federal health officials said Wednesday. 
 China is developing the means to electronically blockade rival Taiwan with attacks to the island's vital utilities, the Internet and other communications networks, a high-ranking U.S. defense official has said. 
 A car bomb exploded Tuesday near the Ministry of Education in a busy commercial area in northern Baghdad, killing at least eight people, according to the Interior Ministry and hospital officials 
 New York Islanders right wing Trent Hunter has signed to play with Swedish club Nykoping during the NHL lockout, the club said Tuesday. 
 Maryland's governor says his order that state officials stop speaking with two reporters for The (Baltimore) Sun was "meant to have a chilling effect" on two writers he believes "have no credibility." 
 The first group of Iraqi officers to begin security training under the auspices of NATO started their work Monday at the alliance's elite training center in western Norway. 
 AS Roma president Franco Sensi rejected the resignation of sports director Franco Baldini, the club said Tuesday. 
 Skipper Stephen Fleming, vice-captain Daniel Vettori and veteran batsman Nathan Astle are all likely to play the series-opening cricket test against Australia in a huge boost for New Zealand's chances. 
 The conflict in Ivory Coast, strife in Sudan and a multimillion dollar funding shortfall are endangering efforts to wipe out polio by the end of 2005, the United Nations health agency said Tuesday. 
 Outpolled, outmaneuvered and out of power, Democrats are suffering an identity crisis. 
 Sen. John Kerry, who has $45 million (euro34.7 million) left from his record-breaking Democratic campaign, hinted that he may try again for the presidency. 
 Two attackers riding on a motorcycle fatally shot a minority Shiite Muslim outside a mosque in southern Pakistan before fleeing, police said Sunday. 
 The Diocese of Baton Rouge is settling a lawsuit with a man who accused a long-deceased bishop of abuse, and it is yanking the bishop's name from a high school. 
 The patriarch lay dying. The anguished wife said a plot to push him aside and grab power was brewing among his lieutenants _ who in turn accused her of not knowing her place. And it's all playing out on television like one of those melodramatic soaps with which Arabs divert themselves at night after days of Ramadan fasting. 
 A national organization has named Little Rock the nation's "meanest" city toward the homeless _ ranking it above Atlanta, Los Angeles and New York. 
 The police Mosul's police chief was fired Friday after rebels launched widespread attacks in Iraq's third largest city, as Mosul's governor called in reinforcements after police lost control. 
 Actress Vanessa Redgrave and her brother, political activist Corin Redgrave, on Saturday launched a political party devoted to human rights, called the Peace and Progress Party. 
 North Korea said Tuesday it could resume six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons programs if U.S. President George W. Bush's new administration agrees to change its policy toward the communist state. 
 A network of Democratic trial attorneys and law professors is threatening to sue Republican poll watchers who they fear may intimidate or disenfranchise voters in Florida, Ohio and other battleground states during the U.S. elections on Tuesday. 
 Two photographers sued Cameron Diaz and her boyfriend Justin Timberlake for assault and battery, claiming the celebrity couple taunted and attacked them outside a fancy hotel. 
 A senior East Timorese official Thursday lamented the likely scrapping of a US$5 billion (euro3.8 billion) natural gas project in the Timor Sea because of a deadlocked border dispute with Australia. 
 Scotland's Colin Montgomerie held off Tiger Woods to win a one-day Skins golf competition on Sunday. 
 Argentine U.N. peacekeepers guarded the police station in Haiti's third-largest city Sunday, a day after an attack by armed men that led officers to flee and underlined the precarious security situation in the poorest nation of the Americas. 
 A Canadian judge described Tommy Kane as "manipulative" and "narcissistic" as he sentenced the former NFL football player on Friday to 18 years in prison for stabbing his wife to death last year. 
 Thai police have arrested a Belgian national suspected of stealing 18 million baht (US$440,400; euros 339,400) worth of jewelry from the company for which he worked, an official said Saturday. 
 Union representatives at the main plant of General Motors Corp.'s Adam Opel AG unit handed over a petition Monday with more than 40,000 signatures calling on management to secure the site's future. 
 Prince Harry arrived in Argentina on Friday for a stay of several weeks to work on a polo horse farm before he is scheduled to join the British army next year. 
 New Mexico joined Illinois Thursday in its plan to ease the flu vaccine shortage by buying hundreds of thousands of shots from European wholesalers, though neither state has federal approval to go through with the purchase. 
 Taiwan's leader on Wednesday made a new appeal to China to hold bilateral talks, and urged the communist giant to publicly announce that it will ban the development and use of weapons of mass destruction. 
 Brazilian police arrested two mayors as part of an ongoing investigation into bid rigging for public construction projects, authorities said Tuesday. 
 The founder of Peru's Maoist Shining Path insurgency raised a defiant fist in court Friday as the government retried him on terrorism charges a decade after he was sentenced to life in prison by a secret military court. 
 Vincent D'Onofrio was taken to a hospital after fainting in New York following a rehearsal of "Law & Order: Criminal Intent." 
 Insurgents attacked a police station in the central Iraqi village of al-Mashru, but no injuries or serious damage was reported, the Polish military said Friday. 
 An ex-mayor who fatally shot a young journalist during election-related protests may have done so accidentally, Nicaragua's National Police said Thursday. The prosecutor in the case insisted the politician deliberately fired the shot from close range. 
 Spain's justice minister rejected a new proposal on Monday from Basque militants for talks to end the region's long-running conflict, saying they must first explicitly renounce violence. 
 Seventh seed Gaston Gaudio crashed out in the second round of the Paris Masters on Wednesday, losing 7-5, 3-6, 6-1 to Spaniard Feliciano Lopez. 
 Ohio emerged as the likely setting for another overtime presidential court fight, with the focus this time on tens of thousands of uncounted ballots cast by people who would otherwise have been turned away from the polls. 
 U.S. military review tribunals have ordered five more prisoners to remain held as enemy combatants in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, a Navy official said Saturday. 
 A woman with a history of postpartum depression told an emergency operator she had cut off the arms of her baby daughter, then waited calmly until police arrived, authorities said. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu swatted down Shimotori on Tuesday to remain undefeated and in the sole lead after the tenth day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Oil prices rebounded Friday but remained below $50 a barrel after declining 4 percent over the past week due to rising U.S. supplies of crude and natural gas. 
 A confessed serial killer was convicted of murder in a case brought by prosecutors in a desperate bid to keep him from getting out of prison in less than two years. 
 Thousands of weeping Palestinians rushed into Gaza's streets Thursday to mourn Yasser Arafat, clinging to flags, clutching his photograph and waving the trademark headscarf of the leader considered the national patriarch. 
 The Dutch Soccer Association fined ADO The Hague euro25,000 (US$32,000) and one home game in an empty stadium on Thursday for its fans chanting hateful slogans. 
 An influential group of Sunni Muslim clerics called Tuesday for a boycott of national elections set for late January to protest the U.S.-led attack against the Sunni insurgent stronghold Fallujah. 
 California researchers fiddled with a single gene to create mice hypersensitive to nicotine, pointing to a single molecule partly to blame for nicotine's addictive allure. 
 Eurostar, the high-speed train service linking Britain to Europe, said Monday it will move all its London operations from Waterloo station when the new St. Pancras terminal in the north of the capital is ready in 2007. 
 The big surprise of the 2004 U.S. election: For the most part, the voting went smoothly. 
 Felix Magath wanted a victory against Juventus to ensure smooth sailing in the Champions League so that Bayern Munich could concentrate on catching up in the Bundesliga. 
 World champion Shizuka Arakawa of Japan overcame a case of jitters and a new pair of skates Friday to win the women's short program at the NHK Trophy. 
 Former big band leader Artie Shaw is among seven artists who have been named National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Masters. 
 Gold opened at US$434.25 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, down 20 cents an ounce from Thursday's close of US$434.45. 
 Iran on Thursday offered rare praise for Yasser Arafat, calling him a defender of the Palestinian people, and said his efforts for Palestinian rights should be clear to all. 
 Brazil and Russia will sign a memorandum of understanding on space cooperation when Russian President Vladimir Putin visits Latin America's largest country next week, a high-ranking Brazilian official said on Friday. 
 The French government on Tuesday announced a euro1.2 billion (US$1.55 billion) contract for the production of nuclear missiles by European Aerospace and Defense Co. 
 Spanish King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia toured the seaside city of Cartagena on Thursday and offered their condolences to thousands of Colombians whose homes were damaged by the heaviest torrential rains here in half a decade. 
 Africa could pull itself out of endemic poverty if its men were to treat women as equal partners in managing the continent's vast natural wealth and resources, the 2004 Nobel Peace laureate Wangari Maathai said Friday. 
 Brazil's defense minister resigned Thursday, less than three weeks after a scandal broke over military repression and torture during the country's 1964-85 dictatorship. 
 The chairman of the world's largest grouping of Muslim nations on Thursday urged U.S. President George W. Bush to pay more heed to other countries' views on issues such as Iraq and the Palestinian conflict during his second term. 
 A referendum intended to keep the government from granting autonomy to Macedonia's restive Albanian minority failed to gain approval because of low voter turnout, election authorities said. 
 Preliminary results from Romania's parliamentary and presidential elections show the governing Social Democratic Party ahead, but with a lead too narrow to form a government alone. The opposition claimed the results were skewed by fraud. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Saturday's Round 10 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 Three teenagers were killed Saturday and five youths were wounded when a hand grenade they were playing with exploded in northern Lebanon, security officials said. 
 A widely respected group of soldiers' mothers aims to meet with a Chechen rebel envoy to discuss how to end the conflict, a group leader told a Russian radio station Monday. 
 Come New Year's Day, the world's most famous mouse will lead its best-known parade. 
 Australian Craig Walton overcame a lingering illness to win his fourth Noosa Triathlon title Sunday while his partner, world champion Emma Snowsill, took the women's competition for the second consecutive year. 
 Hoping to salvage some lost pension money, the trustee representing employee pension funds at United Airlines sought a court order Tuesday that the carrier be required to make up hundreds of millions of dollars in skipped contributions before exiting bankruptcy. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,849.39 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday, down 233.45 points, or 2.11 percent, from Friday. 
 Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero plans to visit Russia on Dec. 1 for talks with President Vladimir Putin, a government spokesman said Friday. 
 Foreign Minister Alexander Downer is considering whether the Australian passport of a convicted pedophile who is on parole in Britain can be legally revoked. 
 North Korea is denying reports that portraits of leader Kim Jong Il have been removed from public places, calling the accounts a U.S. plot to overthrow his government, China's main state news agency reported Friday. 
 A man accused by the United States of being a member of the Taliban and fighting against U.S. forces appeared before a U.S. military review panel at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, an official said Saturday. 
 Canadian aluminum giant Alcan Inc. has signed an agreement to buy gas from Australia's Woodside Petroleum for a planned 2 billion Australian dollar (US$1.51 billion; euro 1.17 billion) refinery upgrade in the Northern Territory, the companies said Friday. 
 The leader of Ohio's largest mosque, convicted of lying about connections to terrorist groups, leaves behind a divided congregation and concerns about his family's welfare as he heads for prison. 
 Latvian head coach Aleksandrs Starkovs has named his squad for next week's World Cup qualifier against Liechtenstein. 
 Nicaragua's army destroyed 334 portable surface-to-air missiles on Wednesday in an action U.S. officials had sought as part of the war on terror. But a new law and a court order could block further demolition. 
 Dignitaries will soon gather at the cemetery of this U.S. Army base to honor former enemies _ 44 German soldiers who died as World War II prisoners of war. 
 A brigade of fresh American troops arriving in Baghdad will push the total U.S. military presence in Iraq to around 142,000, the highest level since the summer of 2003, as planners prepare for an expected assault on insurgent hotspots ahead of Iraqi elections. 
 Landon Donovan is leaving Major League Soccer's San Jose Earthquakes after four seasons and will return to Bayer Leverkusen in Germany. 
 The government has ordered civil servants to wear Malaysian-made batik clothes to work on Saturdays as part of efforts to popularize the traditional dyed textile, a newspaper reported Wednesday. 
 North Korea's navy criticized South Korea on Tuesday for firing warning shots a day earlier to ward off one of its patrol boats. 
 French Open champion Anastasia Myskina and U.S. Open winner Svetlana Kuznetsova will again head Russia's Fed Cup team for its semifinal against Austria this month. 
 Communist Laos relaxed its security on the final day of its biggest-ever regional summit Tuesday because officials were confident their capital was safe and didn't want it looking like it was under martial law, a Laotian official said. 
 Iran continues to insist that 20 of its nuclear centrifuges be exempt from a freeze negotiated with European countries, reported Iran state-run media, countering claims by Western diplomats that Iran had conceded to demands to forego all parts of its uranium enrichment program. 
 A minibus collided with a car carrying a Cabinet minister and a lawmaker on a road in southern Pakistan on Tuesday, injuring both of them, a government official said. 
 Incubus' lead singer pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was fined $250 (euro190) for carrying a switchblade in his bag while trying to board a plane. 
 Nigerian soldiers clashed with hundreds of protesters who invaded an oil rig run by oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell, injuring at least 13 demonstrators, military and company officials said Tuesday. 
 Detectives were negotiating the surrender of rapper Young Buck, who is suspected of stabbing a man who had punched rap star Dr. Dre at the Vibe Awards, police said. 
 Slain anti-immigration politician Pim Fortuyn was named in a poll as the "greatest" person in Dutch history, beating out teenage diarist Anne Frank and painters Rembrandt van Rijn and Vincent van Gogh. 
 Republicans defeated four veteran Texas Democrats and snatched an open Democratic seat in Kentucky as they marched to the brink of extending their decade-long control of the House. 
 President George W. Bush says he hopes Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death will clear the way for successful Mideast peace negotiations with new Palestinian leaders. 
 U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan urged the Bosnian Serb government to make good on its recent promise to bring war crimes suspects to justice, his spokesman said. 
 The U.S. military trial of an Australian cowboy accused of fighting for Afghanistan's ousted Taliban regime was delayed Wednesday until March to allow his lawyers more time to interview witnesses around the globe and review evidence. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early swing-state victories Tuesday night, a tension-packed conclusion to a U.S. presidential race for the ages fought out over Iraq, the economy and terrorism. With results coming in from Connecticut to California, the race remained wide open. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court questioned whether state medical marijuana laws might be abused by people who aren't really sick as it debated on Monday whether the federal government can prosecute patients who smoke pot on doctors' orders. 
 Thailand's revered king on Thursday warned that the country "might fall into ruin" unless the army and police can end violence in the Muslim-majority south, where officials blame a separatist insurgency for more than 540 deaths this year. 
 Yasser Arafat's death brought a rare glimmer of optimism to the Middle East, with world leaders talking about the possibility of a new era. But the window of opportunity for peace could quickly close with a chaotic transition, a rise of militants or a failure by either side to seize the moment. 
 On the eve of a key World Cup soccer qualifier between China and Hong Kong, mainland fans have a request for patriotic Hong Kong players: give up. 
 Hungary's main opposition party won't support a government proposal to extend the stay of Hungary's troops in Iraq by three months through March, party officials said Monday. 
 A federal court and Puerto Rico's Supreme Court on Saturday both ordered an immediate recount of the extremely tight Nov. 2 gubernatorial elections. 
 The European Union's incoming antitrust chief will likely have to step aside from at least three pending cases because of potential conflicts of interest, a European Commission spokesman said Thursday. 
 European Union leaders prepared to close a summit meeting Friday with a blunt warning that sacrifices will have to be made if the core of the vaunted welfare system is to survive the drive to make the EU's economy more dynamic than the United States and Asia by 2010. 
 The United States and 21 other countries have agreed to adopt a tougher standard for vehicle door latches, a first step toward what American officials hope will be global auto safety standards. 
 It's down to the wire in the United States, but a poll released Tuesday in France showed John Kerry far and away the favorite to be U.S. president. 
 A Mauritanian judge formerly charged the country's three top opposition leaders on Wednesday for their alleged roles in a failed coup attempt in September, a lawyer for the accused said. 
 Alina Jidkova of Russia upset top-seeded Mary Pierce 6-4, 7-6 (8) and eliminated the last seed in the quarterfinals of the Bell Challenge on Friday. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court allowed a new trial to proceed Monday for a black man sentenced to death 18 years ago in a case in which prosecutors improperly restricted opportunities for blacks to serve on his jury. 
 Portugal is ready to keep its police contingent in Iraq but is waiting to see whether elections planned for January go ahead before making the decision, Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes said Friday. 
 Share prices rose Wednesday on the London Stock Exchange. 
 The bodies of three Myanmar Muslim refugees killed during a gunfight with police were recovered Friday from a forest in southeastern Bangladesh, officials and witnesses said. 
 Ukrainian voters face an array of tensions in the weekend presidential runoff _ whether the victor will be a Western-inclined reformer or a Kremlin favorite, and whether unrest will break out if the vote count is alleged to be fraudulent. 
 Stocks dipped in cautious trading Tuesday ahead of a Federal Reserve meeting on interest rates. Investors were also uneasy following news that the troubled insurance brokerage Marsh & McLennan Cos. would cut 3,000 jobs as it deals with a regulatory probe. 
 The United States is on "a very dangerous path" because it is spending US$450 billion annually on the military and just US$15 billion to promote development in poor countries, the head of the U.N. anti-poverty effort warned Tuesday. 
 Akinori Otsuka made an inauspicious return to Nagoya Dome. 
 The newly-created oil unit of Russian gas monopoly OAO Gazprom, Gazpromneft, will take part in the auction of the embattled Yukos oil company's largest unit, Yuganskneftegaz, Dow Jones NewsWires reported Tuesday, citing the news agency Prime-Tass. 
 A week after union members rejected an almost identical deal, the largest union group at Walt Disney World will vote this week on a contract proposal for the fourth time since negotiations began in May. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Tuesday, with prices rising sharply in Tokyo and hitting record highs in Indonesia and Australia following a drop in oil prices. 
 A vehicle loaded with confiscated ammunition exploded accidentally in an Afghan bazaar, injuring two people and devastating a row of shops, the United Nations said Thursday. 
 Police said Tuesday that they had seized 1.25 tons (2,755 pounds) of marijuana in a truck trying to cross into Greece but failed to arrest the driver. 
 Portugal is ready to keep its police contingent in Iraq but wants assurances that elections planned for January in Iraq will go ahead before taking a decision on whether it stays, Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes said Friday. 
 A small bomb exploded at a restaurant Friday evening in southern Thailand, injuring 14 people, including a child, police said. 
 The CEO of Intel Corp., the world's largest computer chip maker, said Thursday he sees higher revenues for his company from global operations in the first half of 2005. 
 The largest study ever done solely on black Americans with heart failure raises the controversial prospect of the first drug that might be marketed to a specific racial group. 
 Stelios Haji-Ioannou, the founder and chairman of easyJet PLC, has ruled out selling his stake in the budget airline to Icelandair Group or taking it private, according to a letter publicized Friday. 
 Two Poles suspected of placing a briefcase bomb that exploded in front of a Polish company's office have been arrested on extortion charges, police said Friday. 
 When a Canadian company floated the idea of hauling Lake Superior water aboard huge tankers to parched sections of Asia, the reaction hereabouts resembled the fury of the region's infamous November gales. 
 Gold bullion opened Friday at a bid price of US$426.70 a troy ounce, up from US$423.40 late Thursday. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $437.90 per troy ounce Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $434.90 late Thursday. 
 A man accused of supporting the Sept. 11 attacks on the United States was close friends with lead hijacker Mohamed Atta and once said something big was being planned and that "the Jews will burn," a witness testified Tuesday. 
 A Serb commission's final report on the 1995 Srebrenica massacre acknowledges that the mass murder of 7,800 Muslim men and boys was planned, an international official said Monday. 
 The American Joint Distribution Committee, an American Jewish charity, is marking its 90th anniversary with a photo exhibit documenting its work in Russia and the former Soviet Union. 
 It started the day after the U.S. presidential election with one student posting a picture of himself on the Internet holding up a sign reading: "Sorry world (we tried) _ half of America." 
 Germany's Deutsche Post AG said Monday its DHL unit is taking a majority stake in Blue Dart Express Ltd. of India, one of the country's biggest express delivery companies, in a deal with a total value of euro128 million (US$166 million). 
 The government opened an investigation Wednesday, including police searches, into alleged false accounting practices regarding travel arrangements made for officials drawing up defense contracts between British defense giant BAE Systems PLC and the Saudi Arabian government. 
 An attorney representing three British soldiers and a Kuwaiti injured in an accident in Iraq has brought a $2.3 million (euro1.78 million) claim that he says is the first filed against the U.S. military by coalition soldiers in the war. 
 World sport's highest court has set new dates for hearings on the doping cases of American sprinters Tim Montgomery and Chryste Gaines. 
 Two U.S. soldiers were injured early Sunday when a car bomb exploded next to their convoy on the road leading to Baghdad airport, a military statement said. 
 Chelsea winger Arjen Robben is back in the Dutch national squad ahead of next week's World Cup qualifying match with Andorra. 
 Northern Europe's first storm of the season brought high winds and snow, knocking down trees and damaging roofs, hampering air and ferry traffic and leaving thousands without power Thursday in Denmark and Sweden. 
 A convoy of Iraqi National Guards and police were ambushed Sunday by insurgents firing small arms and rocket-propelled grenades south of Baghdad, causing a number of casualties, the U.S. military said. 
 First Chingy hit the "Jackpot." Now he wants to collect again on "Power Ballin." 
 The Tamil Tiger rebels and Sri Lanka's government must take immediate steps to resume peace talks or the country could return to civil war, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage warned. 
 Britain's Prince Edward toured areas battered by Hurricane Ivan on Friday as Grenada's prime minister appealed for more aid, saying the disaster had reversed expectations of economic growth in the Caribbean country. 
 A Pakistani court Saturday cleared a senior Shiite Muslim leader and two other men of accusations that they played a role in last year's assassination of a rival lawmaker. 
 Jordan's population grew by 28 percent over the past decade to reach nearly 5.3 million this year, the director general of the Statistics Department said Monday. 
 Yasser Arafat was in intensive care undergoing a new round of tests Thursday after his still-unexplained condition took a sudden turn for the worse, Palestinian officials said. 
 The president of Brazil's National Development Bank, Carlos Lessa, stepped down from his post Thursday. 
 The special state attorney for counterterrorism withdrew his "irrevocable" resignation at the request of President Alejandro Toledo, just hours after saying he was quitting amid criticism about a dissenting opinion he wrote two years ago in favor of a New York woman convicted of terrorist collaboration. 
 Three high school students, one allegedly armed with a bat, were charged with attacking a pro-President George W. Bush classmate after he reportedly said only gays would support Sen. John Kerry. 
 Norway is set to contribute troops to a European rapid reaction force beginning in 2008, even though the Nordic country is not a member of the European Union, the defense minister said Thursday. 
 Rockwell Collins Inc., the maker of aircraft electronics, said its income rose 18 percent in the latest quarter, helped by strong sales to the military. 
 A federal judge has imposed the maximum fine of $300,000 (euro229,200) against a former member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences who allegedly leaked "screener" copies of movies that were distributed on the Internet. 
 Two unarmed members of a militia group in Nigeria's volatile southern oil region were killed by rivals in violation of a five-week-old truce reached to end violence threatening the country's oil industry, a militia leader said Friday. 
 Whoopi Goldberg is back on Broadway in the one-woman show that launched her career 20 years ago, and much is the same: same theater, same big-name producer and much of the same material. 
 A former crematory operator accused of dumping 334 bodies and passing off cement dust as their ashes struck a plea deal that calls for up to 12 years in prison, The Associated Press learned. 
 When in the course of human events did it become necessary for Jerry Bruckheimer and Nicolas Cage to continue collaborating on bad action flicks? 
 Tens of thousands of supporters of Ukrainian presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko filled Kiev's main square on Saturday as part of protests planned nationwide against alleged election fraud. 
 Migros, Switzerland's largest food retailer, is offering environmentally friendly grocery delivery _ by electric bicycle _ as part of a six-month experiment. 
 Poland's largest savings bank, PKO Bank Polski, made its debut on the Warsaw Stock Exchange on Wednesday in the country's biggest privatization in six years. 
 David Ortiz picked up right where he left off _ this time on the other side of the world. 
 U.S. warplanes pounded Fallujah in what residents called the strongest attacks in months, as more than 10,000 American soldiers and Marines massed for an expected assault on the guerrilla stronghold. Iraq's prime minister warned the "window is closing" to avert an offensive. 
 Serena Williams moved a step closer to salvaging her season with a 4-6, 7-6 (2), 6-4 semifinal victory over Amelie Mauresmo in the WTA Championships on Sunday. 
 A fire swept through a farmhouse west of Niagara Falls, killing a woman and her seven children, officials said. 
 After almost two decades of refusing to rebroadcast the Live Aid famine-relief concert, organizer Bob Geldof said Sunday he had, reluctantly, changed his mind. 
 Crude futures slipped below US$48 Tuesday as traders awaited U.S. oil inventory data, but analysts said the market fundamentals were pointing to higher prices in the coming weeks. 
 A 9-year-old Spanish girl won the second annual Junior Eurovision Song Contest on Saturday. 
 The resignation of the Brazilian defense minister following a scandal over dictatorship-era abuses highlights the continuing lack of civilian control over the military, experts said Friday. 
 Dow Jones & Co., publisher of The Wall Street Journal, will buy MarketWatch Inc. for about $519 million (euro400 million) in a deal that would end a monthlong bidding contest for the online financial news and information provider. 
 Two Russian naval ships left Thursday for the Mediterranean, where they are to take part in NATO anti-terrorist patrols, the Interfax-Military News Agency reported. 
 U.S. Roman Catholic bishops chose a new president Monday who has released the names of priests accused of molesting children and reached out to victims but who also plans to seek bankruptcy protection for his diocese because of abuse claims. 
 Prospective jurors being interviewed for the Robert Blake murder case were warned that they will have no DNA evidence, no fingerprints and no eyewitnesses and will have to judge the actor entirely on circumstantial evidence. 
 Argentina edged Australia 3-2 to win the bronze medal in the Women's Champions Trophy on Sunday, while China won its first match to claim fifth by defeating New Zealand 3-0. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair displayed some deft comic timing at the House of Commons on Wednesday in hedging his bet on the winner of the U.S. presidential election. 
 One U.S. soldier was killed and another wounded when a roadside bomb exploded near their convoy Tuesday near a town in central Iraq, the military said. 
 Sweden has evacuated its embassy in the Ivory Coast and sent an airplane to aid other foreign citizens still trying to flee violence in the African country, the Foreign Ministry said Tuesday. 
 Tokyo stocks rose Friday morning as Wall Street's overnight rally buoyed local blue-chip issues. The U.S. dollar was down against the Japanese yen. 
 Bradford striker Dean Windass and manager Colin Todd were charged with misconduct by the Football Association on Wednesday for taunting a referee. 
 Premier Silvio Berlusconi indicated Friday he might resign if his coalition partners don't fully back him on income tax cuts. 
 Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing will visit Iran this weekend and discuss the country's nuclear program, a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said Thursday. 
 Two weeks after the election, Washington state still doesn't have a new governor. And voters are weathering the suspense the way Seattle residents shrug off the rain. 
 Iran has said it has frozen all uranium enrichment programs, in line with an agreement it made with European nations but still short of U.S. and European demands that it scrap such activities permanently. 
 Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam pleaded Sunday for help from wealthier Asian neighbors to bolster their economies, saying it would help improve the region's security and narrow its gap between rich and poor. 
 Author Larry Brown, who wrote about the often rough, gritty lives of rural American Southerners, died Wednesday at his home, his publisher said. He was 53. 
 Evgeni Plushenko and Irina Slutskaya scored home victories in the Cup of Russia on Saturday with superb free skating programs. 
 A quarter of the 108 New Zealanders diagnosed as being HIV positive so far in 2004 are women and children, latest national figures revealed Wednesday, but an analyst said the country had avoided AIDS becoming an epidemic among heterosexuals. 
 Bruno Junqueira went for new springs and soft tires on Friday to clip a point off the championship lead of teammate Sebastien Bourdais by topping the first day of qualifying for Sunday's Champ Car series finale. 
 Defense Minister Jorge Uribe asserted that Colombia's main rebel group wanted to attack U.S. President George W. Bush during his four-hour visit to Colombia last week, but there was no evidence Saturday they even tried to organize an attack. 
 Edmonton will host the 2006 women's rugby World Cup, the International Rugby Board announced Wednesday. 
 The Museum of Modern Art reopened its doors at its old midtown Manhattan location Monday, showing off a dramatic $425 million (euro328 million) renovation to reporters from all over the world. 
 Two Iraqi construction workers were killed and four others injured when a car bomb detonated Tuesday near an Iraqi army camp in northern Iraq, Iraqi officials said. 
 Like many presidential candidates before him, John Kerry must now decide what to do with the rest of his political life. 
 When Emma Agger turned 6, her father Simon, a diehard European soccer fan, decided she was old enough to watch the game in its native habitat. 
 The bookkeeper for rap label Murder Inc. was indicted on money laundering charges by federal prosecutors who are probing ties between drug dealers and the home of such platinum-selling acts as Ja Rule and Ashanti. 
 A 10-year-old girl was killed when her father parked his truck in a pile of leaves in which she and a friend were hiding, the family said. The other girl was seriously injured. 
 Dutch Muslims and Christians called for an end to a cycle of retaliatory vandalism of mosques and churches as slain filmmaker Theo van Gogh was cremated, a week after his killing by a suspected Islamic radical. 
 Cell phone giant Vodafone Group PLC, which has spent years struggling to recoup billions spent on 3G licences, finally launched the cutting-edge service Wednesday in much of Europe and introduced or beefed up its operation in a dozen other countries. 
 Puerto Rico elections officials on Monday began reviewing voting records in an extremely close governor's race, aiming to confirm whether a candidate who supports the island's U.S. commonwealth status won a narrow victory as shown by preliminary results. 
 Tourism from the United States to Jordan has jumped by 56 percent to 81,483 so far this year, despite mounting violence in neighboring Iraq, Israel and the Palestinian territories, the Tourism Ministry said in a report obtained Sunday. 
 A federal judge's ruling that sidetracked the Bush administration's plan to prosecute foreign enemy combatants is the latest in a string of legal defeats for the government. 
 Italian clothing giant Benetton said Monday it is donating 2,500 hectares (about 6,200 acres) of land in Patagonia to Argentine Nobel Peace Prize winner Adolfo Perez Esquivel _ a move Benetton hopes will help indigenous populations in the region. 
 The head of the Colombian army was removed from his post Wednesday after less than a year on the job, the Defense Ministry announced without giving details for his abrupt departure. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez arrived in this North African country on Wednesday and is expected to sign an oil cooperation agreement with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi. 
 Contending Americans have embraced his conservative agenda, President George W. Bush pledged to aggressively pursue major changes in Social Security, the tax code and medical malpractice awards, working with Democrats if they are receptive and leaving them behind if they're not. 
 Another well-crafted goal by Michael Owen and a clinical penalty by Luis Figo moved Real Madrid up into second place behind FC Barcelona ahead of their Spanish League clash later this month. 
 Shots were fired at the Sarajevo premises of the Bosnian Serb commission for the search of missing persons, Bosnian Serb police said Tuesday. 
 A prosecutor on Friday recommended Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi be convicted for allegedly bribing judges in the 1980s, the charge in his latest corruption trial, and sentenced to eight years in prison. 
 The U.S. Embassy in Damascus closed Thursday for security reasons, an official said. 
 FIFA has ruled that Argentina left back Juan Pablo Sorin can't make his debut for Villarreal until the New Year, the Spanish club said Saturday on its Web site. 
 The Russian military will cut its deployment in Chechnya by about 1,000 troops and stop using conscripts in the war against separatist rebels beginning next year, Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov said Friday. 
 The chief organizer of the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics announced Thursday that he is resigning amid an internal power struggle for control of the games. 
 Zimbabwean police arrested three men wanted in connection with the slaying of two British men whose bodies were found earlier this month in a well, a police official said Monday. 
 J.L. Hunter "Red" Rountree, the nation's oldest known bank robber, who turned to crime in his 80s and said the robberies made him feel good for days afterward, died in a prison hospital. He was 92. 
 State education officials rejected a request by parents and school administrators to help pay for buses so children would not have to walk through a crime-ridden neighborhood. 
 The White House has requested that the Central Intelligence Agency and the Pentagon study whether the Defense Department should take over CIA paramilitary operations, as recommended by the Sept. 11 commission. 
 Illegal lottery ticket sales are costing the U.S. Virgin Islands about $100 million annually, officials said Monday. 
 Evander Holyfield broke camp Monday in Houston, heading toward New York and an uncertain future. 
 An explosion late Monday hit near Yarmouk Hospital in western Baghdad, killing at least three people, police and hospital officials said. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush is trying to build international pressure on North Korea to return to high-stakes nuclear talks at the same time he reassures Asian leaders about the tough U.S. approach. 
 The Australian employer of an Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan said Wednesday it was shocked and appalled that she had apparently been killed following her kidnapping last month. 
 Grammy-award winning rapper Murphy Lee was arrested after police pulled him over for an expired license plate and found marijuana in his Mercedes, authorities said. 
 Salvadoran President Tony Saca said he spoke with George W. Bush by phone Friday and congratulated the U.S. president on his re-election. 
 The judge in the child-molestation case against Michael Jackson refused on Monday to order Jackson's accuser and the boy's family to undergo psychological examinations. 
 U.S. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday that Latin American countries must work together to counter drug trafficking and international terrorism. 
 So just how cordial is the Entente Cordiale? 
 Brazil has recognized China as a market economy, Chinese President Hu Jintao said Friday after meeting with Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. 
 The U.N. Security Council imposed an immediate arms embargo on Ivory Coast's hard-line government after its unprecedented, violent confrontation with France, drawing bitter accusations here Tuesday that the world was siding with Ivory Coast's former colonial ruler. 
 Britain has pledged US$6.83 million (euro5.27 million) for a project to help Afghan farmers grow alternative crops in place of opium poppies, a U.N. agency said Monday. 
 Reinforcements may be on the horizon for the embattled New Zealand cricket team which crashed to an innings and 156-run defeat Sunday in the first of two tests against Australia. 
 Portuguese police heading to Iraq to help maintain security during upcoming elections are prepared for increased violence, their commander said Friday. 
 Web surfing has belonged almost exclusively to Microsoft Corp.'s Internet Explorer ever since it buried Netscape's pioneering browser. 
 A power struggle is brewing in the ruling Fatah party ahead of a Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat as president of the Palestinian Authority, and the rift might benefit an independent billionaire who is considering entering the race, and indirectly, help Islamic movements. 
 The wife of a prominent Kyrgyz human rights activist said Thursday her husband had been missing for two days after leaving home to meet with security officials. 
 Five people died in a shootout Wednesday between rival gangs that also injured nine people, including a 6-year-old boy. 
 A new show of 73 African masks and sculptures claims boldly to fulfill the standards of beauty in the west as well as those in Africa. 
 Gold closed at US$429.75 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, up US$3.60 an ounce from Thursday's close of US$426.15. 
 The international medical aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres said Thursday it is closing down its mission in Iraq because of escalating violence and targeting of aid workers. 
 Nineteen people, including many children, were injured after the bus taking them home to Belgium from a ski vacation in Austria tipped over on a highway in Bavaria, police said Monday. 
 Indonesian troops shot and killed five alleged separatist rebels _ four of whom were unarmed _ in the oil-and gas-rich province of Aceh, a military spokesman said Sunday. 
 Albania's government said Wednesday that next year's parliamentary elections would be decisive in its integration efforts with the European Union. 
 The most centuries in test cricket: 
 Former Czech President Vaclav Havel announced plans Friday to open a library dedicated to his life and works and modern Czech history. 
 Ukrainian troops serving with the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq seized a cache with weapons and ammunition in southern Iraq, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry said Wednesday. 
 International researchers launched the first worldwide health research summit Tuesday in a desperate bid to revive research on the so-called "forgotten diseases," the illnesses of the poor that account for half the world's deaths. 
 A great white shark attacked and presumably killed an elderly woman as she swam Monday off a beach south of Cape Town, officials said. 
 She is famed for being the Material Girl, but Madonna's next book is about how wealth is overrated. 
 The European Union on Monday urged Ukraine's authorities to correct deficiencies in the electoral system ahead of the second round of presidential voting. 
 A tainted former Cabinet minister flatly denied allegations Thursday of ties to organized crime that were made in The New York Daily News. The paper said it based the information on FBI documents. 
 The euro rose to a new high against the dollar for the second straight day in European trading Thursday, as investors showed they remain concerned about the state of the U.S. economy. Gold prices mostly fell. 
 Swept up in a sea of orange, the color of Ukraine's embattled opposition, Maryana Yarmolenko did what thousands of people from her homeland have been doing for days across Europe _ she marched to demand democracy. 
 Communist guerrilla snipers killed two members of a special police force combing the jungle north of Manila in search of the rebels, officials said Sunday. 
 Thousands of Romanian clerks who are striking to demand higher wages and threatening to disrupt elections this month marched through several cities on Friday. 
 Germany's conservative opposition leader repeated in a lecture on Wednesday that Turkey should not be admitted into the European Union, saying that the Muslim country does not meet the union's standards. 
 The Al Aqsa Martyr Brigades in Gaza decided Thursday to change their name to honor the late Yasser Arafat, the group's spokesman said. 
 England should finally recover from a long and painful World Cup hangover by crushing Canada on Saturday. 
 Crude oil futures eased below US$46 per barrel in Asia on Wednesday as traders awaited the weekly U.S. crude inventory report, which has helped bring down prices in recent weeks by showing a recovery in supplies. 
 A Romanian judge on Wednesday resigned after being accused of starring in an X-rated video, officials said. 
 Australia's central bank left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 5.25 percent Wednesday for an 11th consecutive month. 
 Investors embraced the Federal Reserve's upbeat assessment of the economy and a drop in crude oil futures Thursday, giving stocks a moderate lift. 
 Legislation that would allow giant Las Vegas-style casinos to operate in Britain cleared an important Parliamentary hurdle on Monday, despite fears the new law could lead to a rise in gambling addiction. 
 Differences about who is responsible for the environmental cleanup of former U.S. bombing ranges in Panama re-emerged on Saturday as U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visited Panama. 
 Iraqi security forces, backed by U.S. troops, have arrested a hardline Sunni cleric and about two dozen others after a raid of his Baghdad mosque uncovered weapons caches along with photographs of recent attacks on American troops, the U.S. military and the Iraqi National Guard said. 
 Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann called up rookie defender Moritz Volz of Fulham for next week's friendly against Cameroon, continuing a trend he set after taking over the slumping three-time World Cup champions this summer. 
 It will be cool across Libya on westward to Morocco on Monday while a few showers may continue to affect parts of northern Algeria and Tunisia. 
 A spokesman for the Tibetan exile government in India said that Russia has issued the Dalai Lama a visa to visit Buddhists in its Kalmykia region and that he could make the trip as early as Monday. 
 The U.S. dollar sagged to another record low against the euro Thursday, fueling speculation that the European Central Bank may stage a risky intervention in currency markets to prop up the dollar and protect Europe's export-driven recovery. 
 Ukraine authorities must cooperate with the international community in investigating reports of irregularities in recent presidential elections, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Wednesday. 
 It was more regal than most film premieres _ two dames and the queen were in attendance for Monday's event in London's Leicester Square. 
 What should be a joyful and hopeful time for Jimmie Johnson has instead been bittersweet. 
 Directors of a children's rights organization announced Friday they would close the Casa Alianza office here after 11 years of operation and two months after its director was fired for paying for sexual favors from a 19-year-old Honduran youth. 
 Trade Minister Mark Vaile shrugged off concerns Sunday that Australia's refusal to sign a nonaggression pact with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations could endanger regional relations. 
 President George W. Bush crept close to re-election early Wednesday, leading challenger John Kerry in a campaign cliffhanger. The state of Ohio, where results were too close to call, held the key, stirring echoes of Florida in 2000 _ but this time Bush's advantage was substantial. 
 Austrian Josef "Pepi" Strobl was cleared by the International Ski Federation on Friday to compete for his newly adopted country Slovenia, starting with races in North America later this month. 
 Nepalese continue to defy a government travel ban to seek work in Iraq and officials are planning a nationwide campaign to discourage citizens from going to the dangerous, war-ravaged country, officials said Thursday. 
 A judge on Wednesday reduced the time former President Rafael Angel Calderon must spent in jail while being investigated on corruption charges, according to a written announcement. 
 A passenger train smashed into a truck at a railroad crossing in suburban Istanbul Friday and two cars were derailed, officials said. The truck driver was killed in the crash. 
 Talks between three European countries and Iran aimed at allaying concerns over Tehran's nuclear program have brought progress but have yet to produce a breakthrough, Germany's foreign minister said Thursday. 
 Negotiations over three kidnapped U.N. workers in Afghanistan have hit a snag over ransom demands, officials said Tuesday, as Taliban-linked militants said they were debating whether to "get rid" of the hostages. 
 Germany's biggest utility, E.On AG, said Friday it is buying a majority stake in the gas business of Hungary's largest oil and gas company, MOL RT. 
 Air Force Secretary James Roche resigned and the Senate confirmed defense industry executive Francis J. Harvey as secretary of the Army, the service's top civilian post. 
 In Europe, it's hard for some to think of Condoleezza Rice without recalling the low points in trans-Atlantic relations that grew out of the war in Iraq. 
 Reformist opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko edged Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych in the first round of Ukraine's presidential vote, the Central Elections Commission said Wednesday after a delayed final tally. 
 OutKast topped the winners list Thursday at the MTV Europe Music Awards picking up three prizes, including best group. 
 Stocks were narrowly mixed Monday as investors collected profits, looking past lower oil prices and several mergers and acquisitions, including Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co.'s $1.5 billion (euro1.16 billion) bid for several candy brands from Kraft Foods Inc. 
 The European Union and the United States recommitted themselves to a smooth trans-Atlantic relationship Friday and hoped the second term of U.S. President George W. Bush would no longer be marred by nasty political and trade disputes. 
 Israel on Monday offered its first indication that it was reassessing relations with the Palestinians after Yasser Arafat's death, suggesting it might coordinate a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip if the Palestinian Authority cracks down on militant groups. 
 Members of Walt Disney World's largest union group, representing 40 percent of the resort's 51,000-person work force, approved a three-year contract proposal as the current contract was set to expire. 
 Pushing for a peace accord by week's end, Nigeria's president called together Sudan government officials and Darfur rebels to try to resolve differences over creation of a no-fly zone. 
 Aiming to heal political rifts, Italy's Foreign Minister Franco Frattini on Monday pledged to promote policies of tolerance and support the rights of gays and ethnic minorities as the European Union's next justice commissioner. 
 Arsonists used a fire bomb to attack a branch office of the main opposition Socialist Party in Greece's second largest city early Wednesday, police said. The bomb caused minor damages and no injuries. 
 A British man wanted for allegedly raping women in England more than 12 years ago has been convicted of attacking two women in Portland _ thanks in part to authorities and alleged victims who traveled across the Atlantic to testify. 
 Australian coach John Buchanan has supported moves to relax rules for bowlers, rejecting a barrage of criticism directed at the reforms and saying the change is good for cricket. 
 President George W. Bush won the state of Iowa on Friday, claiming the last state in the U.S. election after absentee ballots were counted. 
 A goal from Radoslav Gilewicz was enough to lift Austria vice-champion FK Austria Vienna past Spanish side Real Zaragoza 1-0 in a UEFA Cup Group C match onThursday. 
 An annual Christmas beach party in Australia that attracts tens of thousands will be alcohol-free next month, after more than 100 inebriated partygoers needed to be rescued last year. 
 The woman sits in an enclosed garden with a child on her knee, her hand holding the little boy as he flips through a book resting on her opposite leg. 
 Ashlyn Blocker's parents and kindergarten teachers all describe her the same way: fearless. So they nervously watch her plunge full-tilt into a childhood deprived of natural alarms. 
 A helicopter crash killed four members of the Argentine air force in southwestern Argentina, officials said Friday. 
 German finance professionals grew sharply more pessimistic about the country's economic growth outlook, fearing that the euro's record highs against the U.S. dollar will weigh on exports, a monthly survey showed Tuesday. 
 Embattled Russian oil giant OAO Yukos has paid down just under a quarter of its total US$18.4 billion (euro14.2 billion) back tax bill for 2000-2002, managers said Tuesday, but added that the government has stonewalled the company's proposals about how it might repay the rest. 
 The road to White House counsel Alberto Gonzales' confirmation as the first Hispanic U.S. attorney general may run through two controversial places: the notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq and Texas's death row. 
 An earthquake that shook southeastern Albania damaged 66 homes and schools and a segment of a national road but caused no injuries, Albanian emergency services reported Wednesday. 
 Dutch airline KLM said Wednesday it canceled 59 flights and hundreds of passengers were stranded at Schiphol Airport because of a cloud of ash hanging above Europe. 
 Syria signed a US$22 million (euro16.5 million) contract Tuesday with a Canadian company for oil development and production. 
 China has suspended all new cigarette and tobacco foreign joint ventures, state media reported Friday, raising doubts over a claim by British American Tobacco that it has approval to manufacture cigarettes on the Chinese mainland. 
 Hungarian-born U.S. billionaire and philanthropist George Soros received an award from President Ferenc Madl Friday in recognition of his support for Hungary's transition from communism to democracy. 
 Matsushita is asking a Tokyo court to halt sales in Japan of plasma display panels made by a South Korean company that the Japanese electronics giant says violate its patents, the company said Tuesday. 
 Having played only four matches on the ATP tour, every one is big to French teenager Gael Monfils. Coming off a victory over Thomas Enqvist on Monday in the first round of the Paris Masters, Monfils will get his biggest test yet next _ Lleyton Hewitt. 
 The Portuguese Communist Party appointed Jeronimo de Sousa as its new leader, hoping the lawmaker and former metalworker can halt the party's decline at the ballot box. 
 The European Court of Human Rights on Tuesday upheld a complaint from a Turkish woman who said she had faced discrimination in Turkey through laws that obliged her to adopt her husband's surname. 
 Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo and Mexican President Vicente Fox called on all nations to fight terrorism Tuesday, the same day a Philippine diplomat was released in Afghanistan. 
 A German-born industrialist jailed for sending gunmen to kidnap two businessmen, from whom he tried to extort 600,000 pounds (US$1 million; euro900,000), was given permission Wednesday to appeal against his conviction. 
 Mexican stocks closed lower Tuesday amid downward pressure from U.S. equities. 
 When Brad Wilkerson was drafted by the Montreal Expos in 1998, he had no idea that he might end up as a footnote in baseball history one day. 
 China on Thursday defended its handling of weapon sales after the chief U.S. envoy for arms control accused it of selling weapons of mass destruction. 
 A federal jury awarded as much as $434,000 (euro333,330) to a Ukrainian woman who sued the Internet matchmaking service that set her up with the man who allegedly abused her after they wed. 
 A bus carrying travelers from Hungary to Germany and the Netherlands slid out of control on a snowy highway and went over an embankment early Sunday, killing one person and injuring 10 others, an official said. 
 Seventy-four players idled by the National Hockey League lockout gathered for a routine update from their union leadership on Tuesday, including Montreal Canadiens winger Pierre Dagenais, who said he'd accept a salary cap if it would settle the labor impasse. 
 The European Union is expanding plans to set up several elite battlegroups for rapid deployment to international trouble spots. 
 The international Red Cross said Tuesday it needs 209 million Swiss francs (US$180 million; euro138 million) to fund its aid work worldwide next year. 
 A car full of dudes. Radio blaring. Annoying guy in the back singing off-key to Shania Twain's "Man, I Feel Like a Woman" while his buddies look seriously uncomfortable. 
 Chile's first divorce law took effect Thursday, prompting a number of Chileans to trek to the courts to legally dissolve marriages that had long ago failed. 
 Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai said Tuesday that the accusations he plotted to assassinate authoritarian President Robert Mugabe are nothing more than "pure political persecution." 
 Czech and Polish defense ministers said Monday that they would make participation in NATO missions a priority. 
 American singer Lou Pride was hospitalized following a heart attack, organizers of the Lucerne Blues Festival said Sunday. 
 The U.S. dollar slid to a new low Wednesday against the euro, which rose to US$1.3130 in morning trading _ breaking a day-old record as jittery markets kept up pressure on the U.S. currency. 
 India released 25 Pakistanis on Tuesday who were jailed for illegal entry and smuggling, an official said. 
 A strong earthquake rocked the Caribbean islands of Dominica and Guadeloupe early Sunday, killing at least one person and destroying numerous homes. 
 Schools in one Chinese county have taken a national anti-corruption campaign into the classroom, teaching lessons in "honest government" after class elections were marred by bribery, a newspaper reported Thursday. 
 Juergen Klinsmann has gone a long way in revamping Germany's stodgy image during his three months as coach. His latest move is to change the team's color to red in a symbol of its new, aggressive approach. 
 People in Hollywood should never work with children or animals, W.C. Fields once said. Maybe that should be expanded to hyper-realistic computer-generated children and reindeer, too. 
 Syria's Cabinet has approved a 2005 state draft budget worth 460 billion Syrian pounds ($9.2 billion, euro7.1 billion) with an expected deficit of 85 billion pounds (US$1.7 billion; euro1.3 billion), Syria's official news agency SANA reported Monday. 
 Legions of gamblers strongly backed U.S. President George W. Bush to win the U.S. presidential election, an Australian betting agency said Wednesday. 
 Insurgents lobbed 10 mortars Thursday at the provincial administration offices in the northern city of Mosul, wounding four of the governor's guards, the U.S. military and local officials said. 
 French bank BNP Paribas SA on Thursday posted a 13.5 percent increase in net profit in the third quarter, saying lower provisions for bad loans and tight cost controls had more than offset slower growth and choppy equity markets in Europe. 
 Israel's foreign minister on Thursday ruled out the release from prison of Marwan Barghouti, a leading Palestinian figure who is widely seen as the strongest candidate to succeed Yasser Arafat. 
 Police detained 89 illegal immigrants crammed into the trailer of a truck near Greece's border with Turkey, the latest in a rash of people-smuggling cases in recent days, authorities said. 
 The Ministry of Defense released the names Friday of three British soldiers killed in an insurgent suicide attack in central Iraq. 
 One day after Slovakia celebrated the fifteenth anniversary of the demise of communism in the country, communist deputies to the parliament submitted a draft bill to declare capitalism "inhuman," the TASR news agency reported Thursday. 
 China would seem to be a scary neighbor for Southeast Asian nations, with its roaring economy that's vacuuming up vital jobs and foreign investment from the region. 
 FC Barcelona's unbeaten start to the league has earned its coach Frank Rijkaard a pay rise. 
 About 300 Georgian soldiers left Monday for Kuwait, where they are to prepare for deployment in Iraq. 
 Former Costa Rican President Rafael Angel Calderon was back in jail on Sunday after being treated at a hospital for high blood pressure. 
 A former U.S. ambassador said Tuesday "Russia has regressed in terms of democracy" under President Vladimir Putin. 
 1. Roger Federer, Switzerland, 5,585 points. 
 Share prices were higher on the London Stock Exchange Monday. 
 The dolphins deployed by the U.S. Navy last year to the Arabian Gulf region as underwater sentinels have been "valuable" in protecting coalition ships and piers against terrorist attacks, a Navy spokesmen said Friday. 
 Wall Street's pre-election jitters left stocks with only a modestly gain Monday, even as crude oil futures fell near the $50 per barrel mark. A mix of economic data added to the ambivalence. 
 Defense attorneys and prosecutors exchanged documents Tuesday in the first court hearing on detained former chess champion Bobby Fischer's battle against deportation to the United States. 
 Allies of President Hugo Chavez celebrated Thursday as election authorities settled disputes between rival candidates for governorships in the Oct. 31 elections, officially giving Chavez power over 21 of the 23 states in Venezuela. 
 Reactions to the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat: 
 Taliban-linked militants holding three kidnapped U.N. workers are demanding the release of 26 prisoners, some possibly in U.S. custody at Guantanamo Bay, in return for sparing the hostages' lives. 
 North Korea's state-run media dropped the title of "Dear Leader" to glorify the communist nation's leader Kim Jong Il in recent stories, a Japanese agency that monitors the regime's media reported Thursday. 
 North Korea gave a "positive" message to a visiting U.N. official about resuming six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons programs, South Korea's government said Wednesday. 
 The United States doubts Iran's good faith in talks with three European powers trying to persuade the country to suspend activities that can help make nuclear arms, a senior U.S. official said Tuesday. 
 Insurgents launched attacks Thursday in Iraq's third largest city, raiding police stations, political offices and other targets. U.S. and Iraqi forces were battling guerrillas hours later, and a U.S. official acknowledged it could take "some time" to secure the city. 
 Today is Sunday, November 14, the 318th day of 2004. There are 47 days left in the year. 
 The lower house of Russia's parliament gave preliminary approval Wednesday to a bill that would toughen registration requirements for political parties _ a move critics claim is intended to stifle dissent. 
 The Roman Catholic Diocese of Spokane, unable to settle sexual abuse lawsuits, will file for bankruptcy at the end of the month, the bishop said. 
 A Hong Kong appeals court cleared some of the convictions Wednesday against 16 Falun Gong followers for protesting outside China's liaison office here, in a case seen as a test of this territory's freedoms under Chinese rule. 
 He defines himself as a fighter, someone who sets goals and battles until they are achieved. 
 The chief of Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels sent a message to the country's president Thursday offering ways to revive stalled peace talks aimed at ending a two-decade civil war, officials said. 
 Crude oil futures continued to fall Tuesday, closing below $50 a barrel for the first time in four weeks. 
 Uruguayan voters strengthened South America's political tilt to the left, electing their first leftist president out of disenchantment with U.S.-backed free-market policies and recent economic upheaval. 
 Crude-oil futures shot above $48 a barrel Friday, posting their biggest single-day gain since early June, as winter supply concerns mounted. 
 A Briton who manufactured bogus Viagra and the tranquilizer diazepam and sold it internationally was sentenced Friday to 5 1/2 years in prison. 
 Revelations of bid-rigging within the insurance industry may lead Congress to a "Pandora's box" of unethical conduct, a top investigator told Congress, just before two more executives pleaded guilty. 
 Scientists flooded the Grand Canyon to restore beaches and save fish and plants that have been disappearing since sediment-free water began flowing from a man-made dam 40 years ago. 
 Goalkeeper Thomas Soerensen, midfielder Daniel Jensen and forwards Peter Loevenkrands and Peter Madsen are in Denmark's lineup for this month's World Cup qualifier against Georgia, coach Morten Olsen said Monday. 
 The European Union is planning to offer Iraq a trade deal as part of international efforts to help rebuild the country, EU foreign ministers said Tuesday. 
 Without a victory from its first three games, European champion Greece is embarrassingly next to last in its World Cup qualifying group. 
 Passengers on several flights were ordered off their planes and four concourses were cleared when a software glitch projected the image of a weapon on airport security screening equipment, a Transportation Security Administration spokeswoman said. 
 Poland's President Aleksander Kwasniewski said Monday that Iraqi elections should be held as planned in January, despite a possible increase in terrorist attacks. 
 Italian 17-year-old Arturo Lupoli scored two goals on Tuesday to lead a youth-oriented Arsenal to a 3-1 victory over full-strength Everton, putting the Gunners in the fifth round of the English League Cup. 
 French President Jacques Chirac on Friday urged the families of two French journalists being held hostage in Iraq not to give up hope that they could eventually be released. 
 Bank of Mexico Governor Guillermo Ortiz said Monday that the central bank has been moving toward using a benchmark interest rate in monetary policy, but that the current tool of restricting liquidity has been successful in pushing up market rates. 
 An estimated 117.5 million to 121 million people were expected to cast votes Tuesday, about 58 percent to 60 percent of eligible voters. That would rival the turnout of the 1960 presidential election, when John F. Kennedy won the White House over Richard M. Nixon. 
 A rights activist who was convicted Sunday of inciting hatred of the government and then hours later released by a royal decree said he believes the king is serious about reforms in the tiny Gulf kingdom and has hope for positive changes. 
 From natural springs and river kayaking to folk music and civil rights history, visitors coming to Arkansas to tour the Clinton Presidential Library will find a state full of day-trip opportunities. 
 A suspect in a 1999 bombing of an apartment building that killed 64 people was brought to Russia's Dagestan region on Saturday after being arrested in the former Soviet republic of Azerbaijan, authorities said. 
 Beginning to put his team in place for his second term, President George W. Bush decided to keep Andy Card as White House chief of staff, retaining an unflappable veteran of the Reagan and first Bush presidencies. 
 Coach Bob Woolmer is tipping Pakistan's top batsmen to play the tour-opening match against a Western Australia 2nd XI in Perth starting Wednesday in a bid to acclimatize quickly to Australian conditions. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court has refused to hear an appeal that sought to restore the citizenship of an Ohio man the Justice Department said was a guard at Nazi concentration camps. 
 A 61-year-old Japanese tourist was in serious condition Saturday after being stabbed and then hit by a car while trying to escape from robbers in the upscale Copacabana district in Rio de Janeiro, authorities said. 
 Africa needs to step up the use of its abundant water resources to boost farm productivity and combat persistent poverty and food shortages, a United Nations official said Thursday. 
 European Union justice and interior ministers were meeting Friday to discuss how to better integrate ethnic minorities into European society amid rising ethnic tensions across Europe, particularly in the Netherlands. 
 Hungary's candidate to sit on the European Union's executive office denied allegations Tuesday he was involved in communist militias or the regime that ruled Hungary for over 40 years until 1989. 
 U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage will hold talks with Pakistani leaders on terrorism, developments in Afghanistan and peace efforts by regional rivals Pakistan and India, officials said Monday. 
 Militants claiming to hold three U.N. hostages in Afghanistan said they have extended a deadline until late Saturday to decide the fate of the trio, who they have threatened to kill if the United Nations doesn't pull out of the country. 
 Luxembourg's foreign minister said Tuesday that his country was determined to help advance peace and security for the people in the troubled Balkans, as his country prepares to take over the European Union's presidency next year. 
 European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said Wednesday his new 24-member executive team enacted a stricter code of conduct at its first meeting Monday that gives him the power to send any member packing. 
 Dutch prosecutors said Friday that an Islamic radical accused of killing Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh and slitting his throat will be tried as a terrorist. 
 Spaniards like to say they live in Europe's most racially tolerant country. 
 Seeking calm and unity, Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia asked militant factions to refrain from attacks inside Israel, an Israeli newspaper reported Sunday, as the Palestinians awaited word on their critically ill leader, Yasser Arafat. 
 As NASA's Mars rovers keep rolling past all expectations of their useful lives, scientists have a happy mystery: For some reason one of the vehicles has actually gained power recently. 
 One of Iraq's leading Shiite Muslim politicians said Sunday he is convinced Saddam Hussein will be executed if an Iraqi court hears his case. 
 A magnitude-5.9 earthquake rocked northern Japan on Monday near the area where the country's deadliest earthquake in a decade struck last month. At least eight people were injured. 
 Finland's Tanja Poutiainen won for the second time in three races at Aspen Mountain, beating Italy's Manuela Moelgg by more than a second in a World Cup slalom on Sunday. 
 Falun Gong denied Tuesday hacking into a satellite feed to spread its banned message in China, but defended broadcast interruptions as an acceptable way to counter the mainland government's propaganda against the spiritual group. 
 British Airways PLC said Monday that net profit rose by 25.5 percent over the latest quarter and that passenger numbers also rose. 
 Falling profit forecasts from Google Inc. and Applied Materials Inc. kept stocks mixed Thursday, even as the government reported another drop in unemployment claims. 
 Racing resumed Saturday at Hoosier Park without 10 jockeys who refused to ride because of a dispute over insurance coverage. 
 Despite the reopening of Ivory Coast ports that ship 40 percent of the world's cocoa, unrest and fears of more violent upheaval are still threatening supplies from the world's top producer, traders said Monday. 
 A Maori lawmaker facing fraud charges who has been expelled from her party was formally ousted from Parliament on Friday when her seat was declared vacant. 
 Maria Sharapova of Russia withdrew from her semifinal at the Advanta Championships on Saturday with a strained right shoulder. 
 The table tennis duo behind Hong Kong's second Olympic medal in history will get free train rides for life, the territory's railroad operator said Sunday. 
 A former world champion runner from Kenya will face a retrial on a charge of rape, a judge said Thursday. 
 In a gesture to Muslims, the State Department set up a prayer room for some 150 guests invited to dinner by Secretary of State Colin Powell to end their daylight Ramadan fast. 
 Schalke has a lot of room to improve, according to its coach. That could be a scary thought for the rest of the Bundesliga. 
 United Airlines has given its pilots' union a series of suggestions for making more than $191 million (euro145 million) in wage and benefit cuts the carrier says it needs to pull out of bankruptcy _ from a straight 18 percent pay cut to smaller cuts and changes in work rules. 
 A World Trade Organization panel said Wednesday the U.S. government should drop prohibitions on Americans placing bets in online casinos _ a ruling that could open the United States to offshore Internet gambling. 
 The judge in the Scott Peterson murder trial removed the foreman from the jury Wednesday, the second time in two days a juror has been sent home. 
 Judge Baltasar Garzon was on Wednesday to question the imam of a northeastern Spanish town arrested for suspected ties to a radical Islamic cell that allegedly plotted to blow up the courthouse at the center of the country's anti-terror investigations, court officials said. 
 It's a girl _ and a boy _ for actress Julia Roberts and her husband, cinematographer Danny Moder. 
 Gold opened at US$428.25 an ounce on Thursday in Hong Kong, up US$6.60 an ounce from Wednesday's close of US$421.65. 
 Everyone at Hendrick Motorsports was surprised last week when the boss paid an unannounced visit to the team's complex in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
 Britons are increasingly disenchanted with the war in Iraq, with less than a third now believing the invasion was a good idea, according to an opinion poll published Tuesday. 
 The European Union said the way could be open Monday for Iran to start a "new chapter" in its relations with the 25-nation bloc after the Islamic Republic agreed to suspend uranium enrichment. 
 Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan was fined 8,500 pounds (US$15,700, euro12,160) on Friday by the Football Association for verbally abusing a referee. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder offered his condolences Thursday on the death of Yasser Arafat, describing it as a "great loss" to the Palestinian people. 
 An Iraqi freelance television cameraman was killed Monday while filming clashes between U.S. troops and insurgents in a city west of Baghdad, police and hospital officials said. 
 The British government does not believe the presidential election held in Ukraine on Nov. 21 was free or fair, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Monday. 
 Upon Yasser Arafat's death, the Vatican and religious leaders worldwide issued heartfelt pleas for renewed peace efforts. But their reactions reflected long-standing disagreements about both the Palestinian leader himself and the intractable Mideast situation. 
 A fire was discovered aboard a British Airways flight shortly after it landed at Logan International Airport, and five firefighters were injured battling the blaze, officials said. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said he would treat as an enemy any illegal, armed Colombian group _ rightist or leftist _ that enters his country. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.13 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Thursday, down 0.55 yen from late Tuesday. 
 The Louvre is just too full of art, and relief is now on the way. 
 The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Monday to impose an immediate arms embargo against Ivory Coast, and gave the country's warring sides one month to revive a shattered peace process or face more sanctions. 
 President George W. Bush heads into his second term with the stabilization of Iraq under a democratic government as his top policy goal. But he also has unfinished domestic business, including making his sweeping tax cuts permanent, reforming Social Security, and promoting energy production. 
 Namibians will choose the successor to the only leader they have known when they vote Monday and Tuesday in presidential and parliamentary elections. 
 Oil prices finished sharply lower Monday as concerns over supplies of heating oil subsided. 
 Ethnic Armenian forces must withdraw from the disputed enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh before Azerbaijan signs a peace agreement with Armenia to resolve nearly a decade of tense relations, Azerbaijan's president said Tuesday. 
 France coach Raymond Domenech called up Patrice Evra to the squad to face Poland, as a replacement for the injured Eric Abidal, the French soccer federation said Friday. 
 A woman pleaded no contest and was sentenced to probation Friday on charges she left her 2-year-old daughter alone for 2 1/2 weeks while she was in jail. 
 Deutsche Bank on Wednesday denied reports that it had started negotiations with American businessman Malcolm Glazer in his bid to launch a takeover of Manchester United. 
 Crude oil futures tumbled below $48 a barrel Tuesday, closing at their lowest level in seven weeks, on rising expectations that the U.S. supply of transport and home-heating fuels will be adequate this winter. 
 Corsican officials on Monday vowed to increase security at places of worship on the Mediterranean island following a racially motivated attack on a Muslim prayer leader. 
 Estonian Prime Minister Juhan Parts said Thursday that his small Baltic state would be ready to host the European Union's rotating presidency by 2013. 
 Yasser Arafat frustrated Arab leaders so much they sometimes greeted him with the brusque question: "When are you leaving?" He never trusted them, in turn. And there were years of backstabbing and dirty politics. 
 The newly appointed commander of Iraqi troops fighting alongside U.S. forces in Fallujah promised that his soldiers _ and not the Americans _ would be the ones to secure sensitive sites in the insurgent-controlled city. 
 Environmentalists are launching a campaign Wednesday to have Nepal's Everest National Park included on the World Heritage in Danger list. 
 CNH Global rejected a United Auto Workers union offer to return to work at four of the company's plants in the Midwest, saying it would not best serve the interests of the company, its customers and dealers. 
 Janez Jansa, whose center-right party won elections last month, promised Tuesday to maintain Slovenia's pro-Western course and make its economy more competitive in Europe as he sought support to become the new prime minister. 
 Secretary-General Kofi Annan appointed Ross Mountain, a top U.N. humanitarian expert who has been working in Iraq, to be the new U.N. resident coordinator in Congo. 
 Today is Monday, November 29, the 333rd day of 2004. There are 32 days left in the year. 
 A Dutch filmmaker who received death threats after his recent movie criticized the way women were treated under Islam, was shot and stabbed to death in Amsterdam on Tuesday. 
 U.S.-based Las Vegas Sands Inc. has chosen the head of another casino company to oversee its operations in Macau, a Chinese gambling enclave that recently ended its casino monopoly, a newspaper reported Monday. 
 Early 20th century Chinese writer Lu Xun dedicated himself to the revival of the nation. His descendants, however, say his name and image belong to them. 
 Real Madrid is set to secure first option on signing young Brazilian forward Robinho from Santos, according to the player's agents. 
 The Israeli military wants to exhume the body of a 13-year-old Palestinian girl as part of its investigation into an officer accused of shooting her repeatedly at point-blank range to make sure she was dead, a lawyer for the girl's family said Thursday. 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has decided to contest a Football Association improper conduct charge arising out of the acrimonious scenes in the tunnel after the Gunners' 2-0 loss to Manchester United last month. 
 The Archbishop of Canterbury has asked conservative members of the Anglican Church not to belittle or harass gay people, and appealed for the worldwide communion to remain united despite strains over homosexuality. 
 A human rights leader warned that a rising number of Colombians are being driven from their homes by the civil war and said the government is giving more assistance to illegal fighters who demobilize than to the conflict's victims. 
 A U.S. Marine shot and killed a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi prisoner in a mosque in the former insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, according to dramatic pool television pictures broadcast Monday. A Marine spokesman in Washington said the shooting was under investigation. 
 Flagship carrier Malaysia Airlines is planning to purchase 39 new jetliners in an estimated US$1 billion (euro 786 million) plan to replace nearly half of its fleet, a company executive said. 
 Shaquille O'Neal promised to bring a championship to Miami. And although it's way too early to be thinking about titles, he can't wait to show off his new team to his old Western Conference rivals. 
 At least 2 million locusts have infested one of Spain's Canary Islands as a wave of bugs that devastated North Africa this summer moves on, officials said Saturday. 
 Germans threatening to sue to regain ancestral property taken over by Poland after the Nazi defeat in World War II have no practical chance of success, a new study by legal experts said Wednesday. 
 An alleged member of a Uighur group with ties to the al-Qaida terror network was among four prisoners who appeared Thursday before U.S. military review tribunals in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
 Taking a page from the book of peace activists, Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has called on his countrymen to use the Japanese art of origami, or paper-folding, to ease conflict in Thailand's turbulent south. 
 A Portland lawyer was wrongly linked to the Madrid train bombings because a high-ranking supervisor bungled a fingerprint examination and two of his colleagues were too afraid to contradict him, a panel of forensic experts found. 
 Masked men attacked two Chinese immigrants in their corner store in the latest of a series of assaults on Chinese residents of Croatia, police said Tuesday. 
 Today is Wednesday, November 17, the 321st day of 2004. There are 44 days left in the year. 
 Police launched a surprise attack on an insurgent checkpoint south of Baghdad, killing 25 militants, Iraqi police said Monday. 
 Maria Sharapova overcame an early third-set mental lapse against an injured Serena Williams to win the WTA Championships 4-6, 6-2, 6-4 Monday night in a rematch of their Wimbledon final. 
 A Grenadian man who was deported from Canada is hoping Canadian immigration authorities will grant him special permission to attend his wife's funeral, he said Monday. 
 Oil exports from Russia _ the world's second-largest oil producer _ may decrease within two years, a top Russian oil industry expert warned Tuesday. 
 Isolated showers will affect northern Algeria, Tunisia and coastal Libya on Tuesday while the rest of northern Africa will be sunny. 
 The wife of imprisoned poet and journalist Raul Rivero said Sunday she was a bundle of nerves over the weekend after learning her husband was moved from a prison in central Cuba to jail hospital in Havana, sparking hope that he could be released. 
 The presidents of Albania and Macedonia said Thursday their countries should intensify bilateral cooperation to speed up their efforts to move closer to the European Union and NATO. 
 Air travel from Italy was snarled Friday as air traffic controllers staged a nationwide strike that forced hundreds of flights to be canceled or delayed. 
 In the middle of a major shakeup of President George W. Bush's Cabinet, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said he has not yet discussed his future with the president. 
 Alberto Gonzales, known in White House corridors as "The Judge," has seen his fortunes track with George W. Bush's for more than a decade. 
 Germany's air traffic control agency has reached a new collective bargaining agreement with workers, averting a possible strike, both sides said Friday. 
 France wants to maintain the momentum gained from winning the Grand Slam last season as it begins building toward the 2007 World Cup. The first test it faces is Saturday's match against World Cup runner-up Australia at Stade de France. 
 Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra vowed Saturday to purge Muslim-dominated southern Thailand of illegal war weapons daily being used in deadly attacks. Three Buddhists, including a young student, were killed in the latest outburst of violence, police said. 
 Belarus' authoritarian President Alexander Lukashenko, reproached worldwide for rigging a recent referendum, criticized the U.S. presidential election Thursday, as the Foreign Ministry said it doubted the transparency of the vote. 
 Zimbabwe moved closer to passing a contentious law that would restrict foreign funding of human rights groups, as President Robert Mugabe's ruling party defeated filibusters by the opposition. 
 France captain Guy Forget understands why Amelie Maursemo does not want not to play in the Fed Cup, but still doesn't think it's right. 
 Two armed men shot two guards to death on Thursday while freeing a fellow gang member from custody as he was being treated at a public hospital in Tegucigalpa, authorities reported. 
 The leader of separatist rebels in Senegal demanded the retreat of government forces from this West African nation's troubled southern Casamance region, saying it was the only way to secure a true end to more than two decades of conflict. 
 France coach Raymond Domenech dropped Robert Pires and again didn't call up Nicolas Anelka for the team to face Poland in an upcoming friendly, announced on Wednesday. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing Democratic seats across the south. Democratic leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 Tamil Tiger rebel leaders and their supporters in parliament met Tuesday to discuss efforts to revive peace talks with the Sri Lankan government, a rebel spokesman said. 
 A man was sentenced to life in prison without parole in the starvation death of his 4-year-old daughter, whose body was found in a picnic cooler left for trash pickup outside his home. 
 Nearly 700 alleged Islamic militants have been released from detention during the past two months, Egypt's Interior Ministry said Sunday. 
 Peter Calow, a British zoologist, was appointed the head of a Danish environmental agency on Thursday, replacing Bjoern Lomborg, a maverick Danish researcher who made his name playing down the threat of global warming. 
 Four people were arrested on suspicion of secretly recording couples having sex at Athens hotels and selling the images on the Internet, police said Wednesday. 
 Arsenal dismissed a report in the Financial Times that the club is considering floating on the London Stock Exchange. 
 A Dutch filmmaker who had made a film critical of some elements of Islamic culture has been shot dead in Amsterdam, media reported Tuesday. 
 A delegation from the human rights group Amnesty International expressed concern Thursday about "serious problems" in Haiti's police force and justice system as the team ended a visit after more than a month of sporadic violence. 
 President Vladimir Putin will make a two-day visit to Ukraine starting Friday, his second trip to the former Soviet republic during its presidential election campaign. 
 Drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela was on the verge Thursday of being sent to stand trial in the United States _ and would become the most powerful Colombian trafficker ever extradited to America. 
 Latvia's prosecutor general said Monday that four Latvian men arrested for their roles in a two-year string of bank robberies in the German state of Lower Saxony would be extradited to Germany within 10 days. 
 Associates of Osama bin Laden asked an Australian recruit to act as a sleeper agent in the country _ a key U.S. ally _ and undertake surveillance of military installations, a court was told Wednesday. 
 Spanish league leader FC Barcelona is nursing a couple of wounds _ and perhaps an inferiority complex _ as it prepares to host AC Milan Tuesday and try to avenge a 1-0 loss from two weeks ago in the Champions League. 
 Russia will ban flowers and other plant products from Germany beginning Monday after a pest was discovered in shipments of German flowers, the Agriculture Ministry said Friday. 
 Microsoft Corp.'s software platform for personal digital assistants took over the market lead from PalmSource Inc. for the first time in the third quarter, according to market research released Friday. 
 Islamists lawmakers have revived a proposal for segregating Bahrain's university according to gender, two lawmakers said Wednesday. 
 Australian soccer coach Frank Farina made six changes Thursday to last month's squad that beat the Solomon Islands, in preparation for next Tuesday's international match against Norway in London. 
 As her mother marked 1,000 days in captivity, the daughter of a politician held hostage by rebels in Colombia on Friday accused the country's president of not doing enough to win her release. 
 Five Egyptians arrested in connection with last month's Sinai explosions have been charged with committing terrorist acts and premeditated murder, officials at the prosecutor's office said Friday. 
 A small bomb exploded outside a girls school in southwestern Pakistan, damaging its outer wall, but causing no injuries, a senior police official said Saturday. 
 Annika Sorenstam lost her three-shot lead in five holes Saturday, then had to make three birdies over the final six holes to salvage an even-par 72 and take a one-shot lead into the final round of the LPGA season-ending ADT Championship. 
 Munich Re, the world's biggest reinsurer, said Monday that its net profit rose in the third quarter despite losses of about euro550 million (US$714 million) caused by a string of Caribbean hurricanes and Pacific typhoons. 
 The U.S. Embassy in Tajikistan expressed concern Wednesday over the suspension of an independent newspaper's distribution, calling it a curb on press freedom in the former Soviet republic. 
 A French couple was mauled Sunday by a dog belonging to two thieves who were robbing them in the city's downtown district. 
 Foreign Minister Alexander Downer on Tuesday praised his outgoing U.S. counterpart Colin Powell, calling him "an exceptionally good secretary of state." 
 Norway's most successful soccer club, Rosenborg, named Per Joar Hansen as its new head coach Tuesday. 
 A witness in the trial of an 87-year-old Nazi-era soldier accused of killing civilians in Slovakia testified Friday she could not recall him being at the scene when the rest of her family was shot. 
 Despite improving relations with Pakistan, India's oil minister remained noncommittal Wednesday about joining a proposed plan to build a pipeline through Pakistan to link India with Iran's massive gas fields. 
 Today is Thursday, November 11, the 315th day of 2004. There are 50 days left in the year. 
 Colombia's Supreme Court has authorized the extradition to the United States of one of two brothers who helped found the Cali drug cartel, a court spokesman said. 
 Attorney General John Ashcroft, a fierce conservative who generated controversy with his tough tactics in the war on terror, and Commerce Secretary Don Evans, one of President George W. Bush's closest friends, resigned, the first members of the Cabinet to quit before the start of a second term. 
 Republicans defeated three veteran Texas Democrats and snatched an open Democratic seat in Kentucky as they glided toward extending their decade-long control of the House. 
 A novel set in 19th century Paraguay, a work of history about an early civil rights struggle and a children's story about a boy's religious faith were among the winners at the National Book Awards. 
 Army explosives teams and firefighters on Friday were snuffing out small fires and searching for unexploded fireworks around the blackened site of a Danish fireworks factory destroyed in a blaze. 
 Three homemade bombs exploded in two southwestern Pakistani towns Sunday, shattering windows and damaging a wall at a government office, police said. No one was reported injured. 
 Former Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad on Sunday lamented the re-election of U.S. President George W. Bush, saying Muslims would be persecuted by such a "heartless" leader for the next four years. 
 Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone lost a court appeal Friday, clearing the way for a trial over control of the sport. 
 Sweden's Gunder Hagg, who broke 15 indiviual world records in middle distance running, has died. He was 85. 
 Facing nuclear challenges on two fronts, U.S. President George W. Bush warned that Iran's suspected weapons program is "a very serious matter," and he stood united with leaders of Asia and Russia in demanding North Korea's return to stalled disarmament talks. 
 Americans overseas flocked together Wednesday to watch the U.S. presidential election unfold and wonder whether the winner can do anything to ease their fears over security and a growing sense of alienation from the rest of the world. 
 Serbia's government is "working intensively" to persuade more suspects sought by the U.N. war crimes court to surrender voluntarily to the international tribunal in the Netherlands, the prime minister said Friday. 
 Federal authorities lowered the terror alert status for areas around financial institutions in New York, Washington and Newark, New Jersey, saying that additional security precautions had reduced the threat. 
 A brother and sister who sent unsolicited junk e-mail to millions of America Online customers were convicted Wednesday in the nation's first felony prosecution of distributors of spam. 
 A bankruptcy judge on Thursday left intact temporary 21 percent pay cuts on some US Airways workers that he imposed last month to help the airline conserve cash and avoid liquidation. 
 Guatemala expelled 11 Cubans to Mexico on Thursday after they were captured at the two countries' common border, the country's immigration direct said. 
 Health ministers gathered for a global summit here have learned that funding problems, treatment inequities and the crippling cost of catastrophic care to the uninsured are not confined to the poorest corners of the world, Mexico's Health Secretary said Friday. 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission will propose soon a plan to tighten governance at the nation's stock exchanges to ensure they are serving the public interest, SEC Chairman William Donaldson said Friday. 
 Ruling party presidential candidate Hifikepunye Pohamba had an overwhelming lead in partial returns from Namibia's general election Friday, and his party headed toward increasing its two-thirds majority in Parliament. 
 Hunted as a terrorist, hailed as a peacemaker, Yasser Arafat succeeded in forcing the Palestinian tragedy upon the world's conscience but failed to deliver the independent state his people yearned for. 
 A senior Roman Catholic clergyman issued a plea for tolerance Sunday during a service commemorating one of Britain's worst terrorist attacks _ the Irish Republican Army bombing of two busy Birmingham pubs. 
 Egypt is arranging to host a funeral when Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat dies, Egyptian and Palestinian officials said Wednesday. 
 Lawyers for terrorism defendant Zacarias Moussaoui said Monday they plan to seek further delays in bringing the case to trial while they appeal pretrial issues to the U.S. Supreme Court. 
 Strong results from its cable channels and ABC Television network drove higher revenue and profits at The Walt Disney Co. in the fourth quarter, overcoming a steep drop in profits at its film studio. 
 Germany marks a subdued 15th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall on Tuesday, weighed down by high unemployment in the formerly communist east and a sense that in people's hearts the nation has not yet fully reunited. 
 Slovakia will upgrade its fleet of Russian-made combat aircraft to meet NATO standards, an official said Tuesday. 
 After eight years in jail on corruption charges, the husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto has been released on bail, officials said, in a move the government called a step toward "political harmony" with her opposition party. 
 The speaker of Georgia's parliament accused Moscow on Monday of applying double standards on the subject of separatism, and urged Russian officials to "move from words to deeds" in mediating talks with Georgia's breakaway regions. 
 South African defense officials said Friday they expected to grant an African Union request to send about 200 more troops to join the peace mission in the western Sudanese region of Darfur. 
 Gunmen attacked a Turkish truck in a northern Iraqi city Monday and set it ablaze, officials reported. The driver was reported missing and feared abducted. 
 A man fatally shot two people and wounded a third inside a Radio Shack store at a St. Petersburg shopping mall Thursday night, then shot himself to death, police said. 
 U.S. federal prosecutors announced charges Friday against 51 alleged members of two Chinese gangs, accusing them of everything from attempted murder to immigrant smuggling and trafficking in counterfeit clothing and purses. 
 French teenager Gael Monfils beat Thomas Enqvist for only the third victory of his ATP tour career, upsetting the 19-time tournament winner 1-6, 6-4, 6-3 Monday in the first round of the Paris Masters. 
 A thief broke into the office of a minor candidate running in next year's presidential election and made off with computers containing information about his campaign, police said Tuesday. 
 Heavy clashes between U.S. troops and insurgents on Monday left at least two dead in Ramadi, according to hospital officials and police. 
 Dutch police have arrested six suspects in the burning of an Islamic elementary school, a spokeswoman said Wednesday. 
 One U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a roadside bomb exploded Wednesday southeast of Baghdad, the U.S. military said. 
 A European human rights watchdog Friday accused Russian authorities of political motives in the arrest and prosecution of executives from the Yukos oil company. 
 Reformist opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko edged Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych in the first round of Ukraine's presidential vote, the Central Elections Commission said Wednesday after a delayed final tally. 
 Zoning in on a diagnosis for ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat should be a fairly straightforward task, medical experts say. 
 Lawmakers said Friday they were set to begin debating whether to ratify the newly signed European Union constitution, with many hoping Lithuania would become the first country in the 25-member bloc to approve the historic document. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,983.83 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday, down 77.94 points, or 0.70 percent, from Friday. 
 The recapture of Fallujah has not broken the insurgents' will to fight and may not pay the big dividend U.S. planners had hoped _ to improve security enough to hold national elections in Sunni Muslim areas of central Iraq, according to U.S. and Iraqi assessments. 
 Latvia denied Tuesday a report that the country's law enforcement agencies had detained Islamic extremists suspected of plotting a terrorist attack in the small Baltic country last week. 
 The European Parliament's two largest political groups said Friday they would not be rushed by European Union leaders to approve the changes in the executive team of incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso. 
 Glenn Close says her first role as a regular on a TV show "will be kind of a great adventure" _ including the commute to Hollywood. 
 FC Barcelona hosts off-color Deportivo La Coruna in 10th round of the Primera Division this weekend, hoping to extend its Spanish League lead and keep off a chasing pack that includes Real Madrid and defending champion Valenica. 
 The U.S.-based operator of Latin America's largest gold mine on Thursday announced it was dropping exploration rights to a rich gold deposit in northern Peru following angry protests by locals who feared it would deplete and pollute water supplies. 
 Yasser Arafat's condition is "very, very grave," a confidant of key Palestinian leaders said Thursday. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday pushed for passing a United Nations convention on combatting nuclear terrorism, saying that the document should help coordinate global efforts to prevent mass destruction weapons from falling into terrorists' hands. 
 President George W. Bush signed a stopgap spending bill that keeps the U.S. government running while Congress sorts out remaining issues related to a more permanent federal spending package. 
 A wildcat strike by hundreds of bus drivers in Finland that threatened to spread to the capital's airport ended after employers agreed not to increase the number of part-time positions and to retain all staff with full-time contracts. 
 Italy's Enrico Fabris surprised the favored Dutchmen by winning the 1,500 meters for his first speedkating World Cup victory Sunday, completing a meet in which track records were broken in all four races. 
 World champion speedskater Chad Hedrick won the 1,500 meters in a personal best time at the World Cup on Saturday, and moved into first place in the overall standings. 
 The space agencies of India and France signed an agreement on Friday to cooperate in launching a satellite in four years that will help make climate predictions more accurate. 
 The South Korean government plans to divert money from pension funds into projects to build schools, clinics and housing next year as part of efforts to ensure 5 percent growth for the economy. 
 Russia launched a new model of booster rocket on Monday following two postponements, news agencies reported. 
 Voters in northeastern England have overwhelmingly rejected plans for a new regional assembly to manage local affairs, scuppering the government's hopes of shaking up the way Britain is governed. 
 A newly rebuilt public library in Egypt, a school in a poverty-ridden village in sub-Saharan Africa and the landmark twin towers of the Malaysian capital were among seven buildings honored Saturday for excellence in Islamic architecture. 
 A Spanish military plane has evacuated 92 people from the Ivory Coast and is going back for more, officials said Thursday as a diplomat in the West African country reported a dramatic rise in violence. 
 Thousands of American, Afghan and Pakistani soldiers are hunting for Osama bin Laden and "sooner or later we will get him," a senior U.S. envoy says. 
 The Czech Republic will support the start of negotiations for Turkey to join the European Union, the government said Wednesday. 
 Prison officials in Peru moved quickly on Wednesday to quash rumors that jailed rebel leaders had initiated a hunger strike to protest tightened controls over visits from their lawyers and relatives. 
 Sri Lanka's government unveiled a proposed annual budget Thursday with higher tax rates and pay raises of up to 40 percent for its 500,000 civil servants. 
 A man stabbed a woman to death Saturday on a public bus in suburban Vienna, a news agency reported. 
 A man who amassed explosives and made a list of public figures who were "marked to die" because of their liberal and antigun stances was convicted in federal court. 
 Soccer's European body UEFA on Friday increased fines imposed on Sparta Prague and Seville for racist incidents. 
 Australia's central bank said Monday that an expected increase in inflation next year could force it to raise interest rates. 
 The abortion pill RU-486 is safe enough to remain on the market with strengthened warnings, the U.S. government said Tuesday despite a third death after the drug's use. 
 Minnesota is the healthiest U.S. state, while Louisiana is the least healthy, a ranking it has held for 14 of the last 15 years of a national survey, officials said. 
 Villarreal's Brazilian midfielder Marcos Senna was suspended by UEFA for 60 days for failing a doping test, the Spanish club said in a statement posted on its Web site Thursday. 
 An official in the Iraqi Communist party was assassinated northeast of Baghdad, a party spokesman said Saturday. 
 The Sri Lankan cricket board said Wednesday it has banned offspinner Muttiah Muralitharan from making statements on the bowling actions of other players. 
 Toyota Motor Corp. reported a slight dip in earnings in the second fiscal quarter but marked a record profit for the first fiscal half Monday, as sales growth in North America, Europe and Japan offset losses from an unfavorable exchange rate. 
 Lawyers who offer to help reporters by sending them copies of court documents by fax or e-mail do so at the peril of losing their immunity to defamation suits, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ruled. 
 From his hospital bed, Yasser Arafat on Tuesday condemned a suicide bombing in a Tel Aviv market that killed three Israelis and wounded 32 others. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Thursday's Messina-Palermo Round 11 match (penalties in parentheses): 
 Census officials sought to reassure minority and civil rights groups Tuesday that the agency keeps names, addresses and other personal information confidential from other government departments. Some critics remained skeptical. 
 An explosion Sunday near a Shiite mosque in the central Iraqi city of Kufa injured one person, an officer said. A subsequent raid of the mosque grounds netted a weapons cache believed to belong to a Shiite militia. 
 Turkmen President Saparmurat Niyazov removed criminal penalties for violating laws on public organizations and signed the country's first-ever drug law, according to decrees issued Wednesday amid international criticism of his authoritarian regime. 
 A prosecutor Friday dismissed a murder charge against a mother accused of killing her severely disabled daughter with an overdose of medication after finding that the autopsy report was wrong. 
 Sunni Muslim clerics Friday called a one-week general strike to protest the "massacres" in the besieged city of Fallujah. The strike would largely coincide with a major religious holiday when few go to work anyway. 
 Japan said Tuesday it hopes to soon discuss with Russia a long-running territorial dispute over a group of islands that has prevented the two neighbors from formally declaring an end to World War II hostilities. 
 Scotland will ban smoking in enclosed public places, First Minister Jack McConnell said Wednesday, confirming an expected move to follow Ireland in enacting a sweeping ban. 
 It is the largest field of the year, the longest tournament of the year and features the smallest purse. 
 A parishioner was arrested for refusing to leave a Roman Catholic church targeted for closure by the Boston Archdiocese as part of a restructuring. 
 In a first reaction to the re-election of the U.S. president, Iran called on George W. Bush to change his approach toward Iran in his second term so relations can improve between the longtime foes. 
 Actors Warren Beatty and Whoopi Goldberg paid tribute to Marlon Brando at a black-tie gala awards ceremony and benefit for the famed acting school where the late two-time Oscar winner once studied. 
 Federal judges are jeopardizing U.S. security by issuing rulings contradictory to President George W. Bush's decisions on America's obligations under international treaties and agreements, Attorney General John Ashcroft said Friday. 
 Pope John Paul II told Iraq's new ambassador to the Vatican on Monday that the elections planned for January must be "fair and transparent" if the country hopes to build an authentic democracy. 
 Trinidad and Tobago's golfing ace Stephen Ames has launched a foundation to help young golfers develop and raise the profile of the game on his native island. 
 A wildcat strike by 1,300 bus drivers in the southern region around the capital spread Friday to five other Finnish towns and cities, threatening the current round of collective wage talks between central unions and employers organizations. 
 Tokyo stocks rose Tuesday morning after shares posted modest gains on Wall Street and oil prices declined overnight. The U.S. dollar was down against the Japanese yen. 
 Gold bullion opened Thursday at a bid price of US$426.70 a troy ounce, up from US$423.40 late Wednesday. 
 Lech Walesa, the founder of Poland's Solidarity movement, will travel to Ukraine to act as a mediator in the standoff over the disputed presidential elections there, his son said Wednesday. 
 The northern spotted owl, the bird at the center of the Pacific Northwest logging wars, will stay on the endangered species list, the government said Thursday. 
 English soccer star David Beckham will make his movie debut in the first film of a soccer trilogy due to hit the big screens next year, a spokesman said Monday. 
 In a defeat for President George W. Bush, rebellious House Republicans on Saturday derailed legislation to overhaul U.S. intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept. 11 commission. 
 Investigators are trying to identify the source of ice chunks that smashed through the roof of a house in this Seattle suburb last week, landing on the bed of a 7-year-old girl. 
 The head of Britain's MI5 domestic security service said Monday that Britons face a "serious and sustained threat" of terror attacks at home and abroad. 
 Crude oil futures eased a bit Tuesday as analysts predicted that a weekly U.S. report on oil inventories could show a rise in stocks. 
 The first U.S. military commissions to be held since World War II began pretrial motions for an Australian cowboy allegedly caught fighting with the Taliban in Afghanistan by denying a defense request for expert witnesses and beginning debate on whether the charges against him constitute war crimes. 
 The biggest challenge for Annika Sorenstam is setting goals. 
 California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger will travel to Texas later this month to receive a public service award from former U.S. President George H.W. Bush, officials say. 
 The top U.N. envoy to Sudan accused security forces in southern Darfur of forcing several thousand people who had taken refuge in a camp to move against their will in "flagrant violation" of international law. 
 Tokyo stocks plunged more than 2 percent Monday morning and the U.S. dollar traded just above its four-and-half-year lows against the yen, following a dollar selloff Friday in New York on concerns over the swollen U.S. trade deficit. 
 State oil monopoly Petroleos Mexicanos said on Tuesday it has awarded the multiple-service contract to develop the Pandura-Anahuac natural gas block in northeastern Mexico to a consortium of two Mexican companies. 
 Prime Minister Stanislav Gross said Tuesday the government plans to compensate Czechs imprisoned for political reasons by the country's former communist regime. 
 Former Prime Minister Vaughan Lewis will head a Commonwealth observer team to monitor upcoming presidential and parliamentary elections in Mozambique. 
 Thomas M. Foglietta, a South Philadelphia politician who served for 17 years in Congress and later was named U.S. ambassador to Italy, has died. He was 75. 
 Investors continued to bet Friday that most PeopleSoft Inc. shareholders will back Oracle Corp.'s $9.2 billion (euro7.07 billion) takeover bid for its bitter rival, further extending a bruising battle that already has dragged on for more than 17 months. 
 Violence in Venezuela's prisons has killed at least 247 inmates and injured 536 so far this year, a local human rights organization said in a media report Thursday. 
 When city officials demanded that Bobby Shriver trim the hedges around his posh home or face misdemeanor charges, the outraged Kennedy nephew did what came naturally _ he jumped into politics. 
 Police in southwestern China were looking for a farmer suspected of slashing seven people to death _ including his ex-wife and five relatives _ in what appeared to be a family feud, the government said Thursday. 
 Japan and China were trying to arrange a meeting between their leaders on the sidelines of this weekend's Asia-Pacific conference in an effort to calm rising tensions between the two nations, officials said Thursday. 
 Iraqi, Kurdish and U.S. officials have spoken of possible links between Iran and Iraqi insurgent groups. Here's a look at the various parties: 
 The Navy has put off until at least January a decision on the contract to replace the aging Marine One presidential helicopter fleet, giving both prospective contractors more time to lobby for the prized job. 
 NATO-led peacekeepers in Bosnia searched a private house on Wednesday looking for information about persons who might be supporting war crimes suspects at large, officials said. 
 Four federal police officers have been suspended without pay while prosecutors investigate police negligence in the killing of two federal agents who were beaten, doused with paint thinner and burned to death by an angry crowd on Mexico City's southern outskirts, officials said Saturday. 
 As U.S. forces prepared for what is expected to be the biggest Marine-led urban assault since Vietnam, U.S. commanders pumped up troop spirits Sunday, saying they were no different from the storied heroes of Iwo Jima and Korea. 
 United Nations investigators have arrived in Sudan to determine whether genocide took place in Darfur and investigate reports of human rights violations in the war-torn province, a U.N. spokesman said. 
 Two convicted rapists suspected in a string of sexual assaults have been arrested, police said Friday. 
 Mark Regan has became the eighth member of England's World Cup-winning rugby squad to retire from international play. 
 India's Ranbaxy Laboratories is withdrawing all of its generic versions of antiretroviral drugs from the World Health Organization's list of approved HIV medicines, saying it is uncertain they are biologically the same as the patented drugs. 
 Serena Williams' injury-induced weakened serves drove Maria Sharapova to distraction. Two games from ending the season in defeat, the Russian teenager focused on holding her own serve. 
 Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Wednesday welcomed the announcement that Hamid Karzai won Afghanistan's first presidential election and pledged U.N. support as the country moves to consolidate peace and security. 
 Germany's foreign minister said he was hopeful of success in talks aimed at persuading Iran to suspend activities that could help make nuclear weapons, arguing in an interview that cooperation could make Iran a "big winner" in the Middle East. 
 The Utah Jazz placed Russian forward Andrei Kirilenko on the injured list Tuesday with a knee injury and activated rookie forward Kris Humphries. 
 Panamanian President Martin Torrijos met with his counterpart in Colombia to discuss ways the two neighbors could share electricity and the possibility of constructing a road linking North and South America. 
 A mine explosion blew a three-meter hole in an oil pipeline in northern Sudan but officials said Tuesday that the line would soon resume pumping. 
 Turkey is against the establishment of a separate Kurdish region within Iraq, but Ankara is ready to provide any help Iraqi Kurds may need, the Turkish foreign minister said in comments published Friday. 
 Pakistan has defended its efforts to halt leaks of nuclear technology amid suggestions that Iran's nuclear weapons program received more help from a renegade Pakistani scientist than previously disclosed. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 103.28 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 5 p.m. (0800 GMT) Wednesday, up 0.10 yen from late Monday. 
 Sporting Lisbon midfielder Hugo Viana's car flipped over in a three-vehicle pile-up Tuesday but the player escaped unhurt, news reports said. 
 Spain's former intelligence chief criticized America's action in Iraq and elsewhere around the globe as unilateral and arrogant, in a rare public defection from the ranks of the previous government, which firmly supported the United States. 
 No one passing the thousands of protesters crowding Kiev's main street asks why Georgian flags are waving in Ukraine _ the parallels with Georgia's "Rose Revolution" are strong, even eerie. 
 A small bomb exploded outside a travel agency in this Mediterranean island's breakaway Turkish Cypriot north, causing damage but no injuries, Turkey's Anatolia news agency reported Tuesday. 
 The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals ordered two men removed from death row, ruling they are mentally retarded and ineligible for execution. 
 The Sudanese government says agreements on security and refugees reached with Darfur rebels signaled to the world that Sudan can solve its own problems. 
 Authorities arrested a manager at a top subsidiary of Russian oil giant OAO Yukos amid an investigation into the alleged embezzlement of millions in company funds, a Russian news agency reported Thursday. 
 NATO has agreed to step up exchanges of counter-terrorist intelligence with Israel and six Arab nations as part of a drive to develop closer ties with nations on its volatile southern and southeastern flanks, the alliance's top soldier said. 
 A fourth of all Californians are thinking about moving _ either out of state or just to another town _ to bring down their housing costs, a new survey shows. 
 A prominent Pakistani tribal elder accused of harboring Islamic militants near the Afghan border surrendered to authorities on Thursday, a senior security official said. 
 A sample of comments about recent soccer-related outbreaks of racism in Spain: 
 Myanmar's military junta released at least 19 political prisoners on Friday, including pro-democracy party members, as part of a group of nearly 4,000 prisoners it said were wrongly charged by an intelligence agency. 
 Prosecutors in the trial of alleged Indonesian terror chief Abu Bakar Bashir suffered a setback Tuesday, when a key witness failed to link the radical cleric to any crimes. 
 A magnitude-5.9 earthquake rocked northern Japan on Monday, the latest aftershock to strike since the country's deadliest earthquake in a decade last month. At least eight people were injured. 
 A bus traveling overnight from Spain to Belgium crashed on a highway in northern France early Sunday, killing two passengers and seriously injuring four others, officials said. 
 Pakistan president Gen. Pervez Musharraf visited Rio de Janeiro's famous tourist spots Sunday before traveling to Brasilia to discuss trade with Brazilian leader Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. 
 The first trial stemming from the Madrid railway bombing ended after just 25 minutes Tuesday as a Spanish teenager pleaded guilty to charges he helped transport dynamite used in the terror attack. 
 A strong earthquake rocked parts of eastern Indonesia early Friday, killing one person, injuring 22 and damaging hundreds of buildings, meteorological officials and witnesses said. 
 British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday congratulated Hamid Karzai, who was declared the winner of Afghanistan's first-ever presidential election. 
 Tiger Woods will play in the Skins Game and the Target World Challenge. Vijay Singh has the PGA Grand Slam and the Father-Son Challenge. Other top players can chase free money at the UBS Cup or the Shark Shootout. 
 The Dominican peso strengthened against the U.S. dollar Tuesday to its highest level in 18 months, a change Central Bank officials said was a sign the economy was recovering. 
 South African President Thabo Mbeki hosted a third day of talks Saturday aimed at resolving the latest upsurge of violence in Ivory Coast, meeting with his Burkina Faso counterpart _ accused by Ivorian authorities of backing a two-year rebellion in their country. 
 Latvian police on Monday discovered the body of an American missionary who had been killed in his Riga apartment. 
 A top Tamil Tiger rebel negotiator returned to Sri Lanka on Tuesday amid new efforts by Norwegian peace brokers to revive stalled peace talks and prevent the island from sliding back to war. 
 Relaxing at Camp David, President George W. Bush received congratulatory phone calls from German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and other foreign leaders Friday even as Germany's defense minister renewed his government's vow not to send troops to Iraq. 
 Peter Sarsgaard will take the leftovers, thank you. 
 Gold closed at US$426.15 an ounce on Thursday in Hong Kong, up US$4.50 an ounce from Wednesday's close of US$421.65. 
 Andriy Reshetnyak tied a Russian flag to the Ukrainian one, joining thousands of demonstrators backing a referendum on autonomy for their eastern province on Donetsk's central Lenin Square on Monday. 
 For John Kerry to win Ohio, he must look to a yet-to-be calculated number of uncounted votes and hope he can win enough to overcome President George W. Bush's lead in the state. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi on Monday dismissed a call by Saudi clerics for resistance against U.S. forces in Iraq, and a leading Iraqi newspaper accused the religious figures of inciting terrorism. 
 France's health minister said Sunday there was no reason to suspect Yasser Arafat was poisoned because French legal authorities would have intervened if medical tests had pointed to wrongdoing. 
 The dollar managed a modest recovery from a new all-time low versus the euro Tuesday, with profit taking ameliorating the effect of remarks from the European Central Bank's top official. 
 The president of the U.N. war crimes tribunal on Thursday pressed anew for the capture of a Croat wartime general suspected of atrocities against rebel Serbs during the 1991-95 war in the former Yugoslavia. 
 Arnold Schwarzenegger had a look-alike zip in on a Harley-Davidson motorcycle, recycled lines from his movies and lobbed tee-shirts into the adoring crowd. 
 The daughter of a man accused of killing six hunters in northwestern Wisconsin said Sunday she was shocked to hear about her father's alleged crimes and called him a great person. 
 The Syrian driver of two French journalists held hostage in Iraq for 102 days made a plea Monday for their liberation and said he was optimistic that they would be freed because they have never been mistreated. 
 Two weeks ago, Arsenal was riding a record unbeaten streak. Now, the Gunners can't seem to win a game, and Chelsea has emerged as English soccer's dominant side. 
 Somalia's new president named a prime minister, choosing a member from another of the four largest clans to preside over what is hoped will be a government of reconciliation in the war-ravaged country. 
 U.S. troops marked the end of their peacekeeping role in Bosnia on Wednesday as NATO prepares to hand over peacekeeping duties to the European Union in December. 
 A U.S. soldier was crushed to death when his tank rolled over near Fallujah, the U.S. military said Friday. 
 Premier Silvio Berlusconi's conservative government boasted Wednesday it was making good on tax breaks promised to voters, but International Monetary Fund inspectors cautioned Italy that it should cut its deficit first. 
 President Vaira Vike-Freiberga nominated Aigars Kalvitis on Wednesday to be the country's next prime minister, calling him the best chance for the country's political parties to form a stable government. 
 Ukraine's roiling political crisis hit a new crescendo Wednesday as election officials declared Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych the next president and opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko responded with a risky call for a nationwide strike to protest what his camp contends was brazen vote fraud. 
 Palestinians congregated in mosques and public places late Tuesday for a holy night of worship, adding special prayers for their ailing leader, Yasser Arafat. 
 The concrete ceiling of a parking garage collapsed in a fire in northern Switzerland on Saturday, trapping seven firefighters inside, officials said. 
 Mexican cement company Cemex SA said Monday it has signed a letter of intent to sell two cement plants in the U.S. to Brazil's Grupo Votorantim for US$400 million (euro308 million.) 
 Liza Marklund, a Swedish journalist and author of several detective novels, was named a goodwill ambassador for the UNICEF on Monday. 
 The U.S. military said Tuesday an investigation is underway into allegations that a Marine shot a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi prisoner in a mosque in the former insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 The United States awarded two grants Monday totaling US$230,000 (euro 178,905) for programs to replace traditional cooking fuels with cleaner alternatives to reduce air pollution in rural India, a U.S. official said. 
 Three Sikh students were expelled from school Friday for refusing to remove their turbans, the first time Sikhs were forced out under a new law banning conspicuous religious signs and apparel in the classroom, their lawyer said. 
 Militants detonated car bombs in quick succession Monday near two churches in southern Baghdad after sundown, killing at least three people and injuring 52 others, according to the U.S. military and police. 
 Troubled business software company Computer Associates International Inc. reportedly has selected longtime IBM executive John Swainson as its new chief executive. 
 U.S. automotive company BorgWarner Inc. said Monday it is taking over German supplier Beru AG in a deal valued at about euro621 million (US$796 million) that it hopes will strengthen its position with global automakers. 
 Kidnappers have released two women relatives of Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, two pan-Arab satellite channels broadcast Sunday. But the Iraqi government said it had no knowledge of the release. 
 At a solemn vigil outside the hospital treating Yasser Arafat, an unusual interfaith moment: An Orthodox Jewish rabbi from New York leaving flowers for the ailing Palestinian leader at the front gate. 
 The U.S. Embassy on Wednesday reopened its consular office in Bombay after shutting it for a day following a threat of a possible terrorist attack. 
 A High Court judge on Wednesday approved a debt-for-equity survival plan developed by MyTravel, clearing the way for the troubled travel company to present the proposal to shareholders and creditors next month. 
 Hard-hitting Sri Lankan batsman and wicketkeeper Romesh Kaluwitharana announced his retirement Tuesday, ending a nearly 14-year career in international cricket. 
 "Baywatch" may soon be joining the ranks of "Dragnet," "Starsky & Hutch," and "Scooby-Doo" on the list of old TV shows made into movies. 
 Two key appointments were made Wednesday to the organizing committee of the 2006 Winter Olympics but approval of the games' budget was put off for a month. 
 Ron Artest was suspended for the rest of the season Sunday as the NBA came down hard on three members of the Indiana Pacers for fighting with fans when a melee broke out at the end of a game against the Detroit Pistons. 
 A bomb blew the front door off a Muslim school in a southern Dutch town overnight and shattered windows across the street, days after the arrest of a Muslim radical accused of killing a Dutch filmmaker, police said Monday. 
 A former Kosovo guerrilla commander accused of wartime atrocities told the U.N war crimes tribunal Tuesday he had no regrets about his role in defending ethnic Albanians against Serb forces. 
 Vietnamese police arrested a senior executive at a state-owned construction company for alleged embezzlement as their investigation into a corruption scandal widened, state-controlled media reported Tuesday. 
 The Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Norway will pay an official visit to Thailand on Nov. 23-26, the Thai foreign ministry announced Tuesday. 
 Scott Peterson's life now rests in the hands of the jurors who found him guilty of murdering his pregnant wife, and who are about to hear testimony much more laden with emotion than they did during the five-month guilt phase of his trial. 
 A plane carrying several hundred French fleeing turmoil in Ivory Coast arrived in Paris on Wednesday hours after President Jacques Chirac conferred posthumous honors on nine French peacekeepers killed in what he called a "cowardly" air attack. 
 Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear watchdog arrived in South Korea on Tuesday to conduct a final investigation before drawing up a report this month on the country's nuclear experiments in 1982 and 2000. 
 A man who opened his hotel room door after hearing what sounded like a "pack of firecrackers" told of being held hostage by a gunman wearing body armor who claimed he already killed 11 people, including a German businessman, in his shooting spree. 
 Elections in Iraq in January will be possible but difficult, France's foreign minister said Wednesday, adding that the European Union is ready to help. 
 An ethnic Albanian man has been arrested and indicted on charges of intimidating witnesses in an upcoming war crimes trial, his lawyer said Wednesday. 
 The number of women in U.S. state and federal prisons is at an all-time high and growing fast, with the incarceration rate for females increasing at nearly twice that of men, the government reported Sunday. 
 Five ships left a southern Japanese port Friday for a five-month whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean, an official said, in the country's latest research expedition that critics denounce as commercial whaling in disguise. 
 Bank of New York Co. on Tuesday said regulators are looking into mutual-fund transactions that were cleared by the company's Pershing LLC unit. 
 The Bush administration is building a case against Iran with disclosures of a covert nuclear weapons program that carry echoes of the run-up to the war with Iraq. 
 A car bomb exploded on Thursday near the convoy carrying the governor of northern Kirkuk, killing one bystander and injuring 14 people, including four policemen, the police said. 
 Police are recommending a criminal charge against a World War II veteran who allegedly backed a van over his friend and killed him during a Veterans Day parade. 
 From corruption kingpin to savior _ opponents and supporters have bestowed many labels on Pedro Rossello since he left the governor's mansion in Puerto Rico four years ago. 
 EMI Group PLC, one of the world's "big three" music companies, reported a fall in sales and a net loss for the first half of its fiscal year Friday, but said it expected an improvement in the second half when its album release schedule kicks in. 
 International observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe kept a watchful eye Tuesday on the U.S. presidential balloting, the first time the group has monitored an American election. 
 The United States and the European Union are working on measures aimed at strengthening the security of cargo containers moving through seaports so they can't be used to smuggle terrorists or weapons. 
 Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi arrived in Jordan on Monday for talks on closer economic and political cooperation between the Mideast neighbors. 
 More and more British nurses are taking up jobs in the United States, undercutting efforts to boost their numbers here, the Royal College of Nursing said Monday. 
 When talk at the high school here turns to evolution, biology teachers have to make time for Charles Darwin as well as his detractors. 
 The U.S. government on Monday proposed broad international measures to curb the slaughter of sharks in the Atlantic Ocean and encourage the study and preservation of threatened shark populations throughout the world. 
 Foreign Minister Stanislaus Mudenge has ruled out postponement of parliamentary elections scheduled for next March, state radio reported Tuesday. 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is tired of talking about his team's 2-0 loss to Manchester United eight days ago. Reds counterpart Alex Ferguson won't let the subject go. 
 A revered Hindu cleric has been arrested in southern India over his alleged involvement in the slaying of a worker at a local temple, police said Friday. 
 An exit poll indicated that opposition challenger Viktor Yushchenko won a resounding victory over Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych in Ukraine's presidential race on Sunday, collecting 58 percent of the vote. 
 With the right coordination, international commitment and about euro10 million (US$13 million), scientists could deliver within a year a candidate vaccine to combat a global flu pandemic, the World Health Organization said. 
 Heavy rain sent water as much as 8 feet (2.4 meters) deep rushing through the University of Hawaii's main research library, destroying irreplaceable documents and books, toppling doors and walls and forcing a few students to break a window to escape. 
 A cholera epidemic in the capital of this West African nation was spreading Tuesday with 400 cases reported and two deaths so far, health officials said. 
 Police Tuesday offered a reward of US$10,000 (euro7,700) for information on four men suspected of gunning down a high profile judge. 
 Puerto Rico's delegate to the U.S. Congress has won a narrow victory over a former pro-statehood governor, according to preliminary results in the race Wednesday, but officials said there will be a recount because only a fraction of a percentage point separates the two. 
 Most cast their ballots weeks ago, and some will have to hunt down a television to find constant coverage of Tuesday's U.S. election. 
 The government will seek additional guarantees over a deal to buy Russian anti-aircraft missiles that is currently the subject of a corruption probe by Greece's parliament. 
 No longer a presidential candidate but still a voice for the Democrats, Sen. John Kerry met with the party's congressional leadership Tuesday as he moved into the next phase of his political life. 
 President George W.Bush and challenger John Kerry sweated out a tension-packed conclusion to the U.S. presidential race between an embattled incumbent and a Democrat who questioned the war he waged in Iraq and the many jobs lost at home. Ohio loomed as this year's Florida, the decisive state, with Kerry's options dwindling. 
 Defeated in Parliament, activists went to court Friday seeking to overturn a ban on fox hunting, an English tradition that's more than 300 years old. 
 Scientists say changes in the earth's climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced by widespread melting of glaciers, thinning sea ice and rising permafrost temperatures. 
 Heavy explosions rocked Baghdad's Green Zone after nightfall Monday, triggering two huge plumes of smoke. 
 The campaign was a bitter stew of allegations and occasional violence. Yet last weekend's wild-style presidential election which ended in deadlock "shows encouraging signs for the development of Ukrainian democracy," international election observers said. 
 A federal appeals court threw out a deportation order against a Syrian family that claimed its father would be tortured if forced to return to his homeland. 
 Jason Robinson has become the first former rugby league player to captain England's rugby union team. 
 U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan warned the United States, Iraq and Britain that an all-out assault on Fallujah could undermine national elections set for January and further alienate Iraqis, according to a letter obtained Friday. 
 Mel Gibson's "The Passion of the Christ" and the CBS television show "Joan of Arcadia" were celebrated at a Mass and awards ceremony by Catholics in Media, a group founded by Catholics in the entertainment industry to honor projects that uplift and inspire. 
 NBC Sports chairman Dick Ebersol and his college-age son emerged from the wreckage of a chartered jet after the plane crashed, but authorities said Monday his 14-year-old son was presumed dead in the wreckage. 
 The international volleyball federation Tuesday chastised organizers of the 2008 Beijing Olympics over plans to change the venue of the beach volleyball tournament at the games. 
 Angry protesters stormed and ransacked a local electricity company in northeastern Guinea to protest a local electricity price hike, residents said Wednesday. 
 Japan Airlines Corp. reported Friday that it returned to earning profits in first half of the fiscal year as international travel picked up from a decline a year ago caused by the war in Iraq and the SARS outbreak in Asia. 
 Washington had stopped sharing secrets with staunch ally Australia during the Cold War because Americans worried that Canberra was leaking classified information to the Soviet Union, a former government official said. 
 Star goalkeeper Mart Poom of Sunderland and defender Andrei Stepanov of Torpedo Moscow will both miss Estonia's World Cup qualifier in Russia next week because of injuries. 
 The head of Britain's postal service outlined plans Tuesday to raise prices in line with counterparts in other parts of Europe. 
 Cape Town city leaders are considering putting police for the first time on Robben Island where former President Nelson Mandela and other political prisoners were jailed, a city councilor said Tuesday. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $432.70 per troy ounce Monday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $433.60 late Friday. 
 Mimis Chrysomallis, a popular Greek actor, has died of a heart attack, a hospital said Saturday. He was 66. 
 A Belfast judge upheld a law Friday that bars British government employees from running for office in Northern Ireland elections. 
 NHL MVP Martin St. Louis of Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay signed with a Swiss club Lausanne on Friday, one day after teammate Vincent Lecavalier joined a Russian team. 
 Military experts from all 26 NATO allies have approved a detailed program for the alliance's expanded training mission in Iraq, sending the plans to allied governments for approval, officials said Wednesday. 
 Italy will assist Moldova in building closer ties with the European Union, the chairman of Italy's Chamber of Deputies said Friday. 
 Injuries have sidelined Brazilian soccer stars Ze Roberto, Luis Fabiano and Edu for an upcoming World Cup qualifier against Ecuador. 
 Actress and comedian Ellen DeGeneres gave her talk show audience, all of whom were family or friends of U.S. troops serving in Iraq, the gift of a free cruise at a taping this week. 
 Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and his reformist challenger in Ukraine's presidential election were less than a percentage point apart with nearly all the votes counted, forcing a runoff, the Central Election Commission said Monday. 
 A man who had sex-change surgery to become a woman was acquitted Tuesday of intentionally lying by listing herself as the bride on a marriage license application. 
 Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday he had telephoned U.S. President George W. Bush to congratulate him on his election triumph, and told him it was "a victory ... for the uncompromising war against terror." 
 Frenchman Alexandre Premat won the 51st Macau Grand Prix on Sunday after a series of accidents forced an early end to the Formula Three race. 
 More than 4,000 inmates of Ivory Coast's largest penitentiary escaped through the sewers amid massive political violence and are believed hiding out in a forest in the middle of Abidjan, officials said Thursday. 
 Masatsugu Asakawa has one of the busiest jobs in Tokyo these days: monitoring the U.S. dollar's fluctuation against the Japanese yen. 
 Meteorologists warned of falling ash and minor earthquakes Monday following a minor eruption by Mount Asama, one of Japan's largest and most active volcanoes. 
 The makers of the impotency drug Viagra and the painkiller OxyContin said Monday they will add radio transmitters to bottles of their pills to fight counterfeiting. 
 Wall Street capped a stellar week by extending its rally for a ninth straight session, as a better-than-expected employment report boosted stocks and gave investors hope that the economy was strengthening. The week's gains were among the strongest of the year, with the Dow Jones industrials having their best week since early 2003. 
 Singapore will become only the second country to sign a comprehensive trade pact with India when they ink a deal after a regional leaders' summit in Laos later this month, the government and local media said Friday. 
 PeopleSoft Inc. appears determined to repel Oracle Corp.'s takeover advances, even if it means alienating shareholders who want to accept the $9.2 billion (euro7.1 billion) offer currently on the table. 
 Unwilling to concede defeat, congressional leaders expressed hope that lawmakers could return next month to resolve a turf battle that has blocked passage of an overhaul of the nation's intelligence agencies. President George W. Bush pledged to work with them for passage. 
 A prominent official of the Iraqi Communist Party was gunned down with two of his bodyguards outside of Baghdad, a party official said Sunday. 
 The Defense Department is investigating allegations of racism in its ranks after a photograph was taken of soldiers wearing Ku Klux Klan-style hoods as they stood behind dark-skinned colleagues. 
 Tiger Woods reiterated his criticism of the PGA of America on Friday for its decision to pass over close friend Mark O'Meara as captain of the 2006 Ryder Cup team. 
 British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw on Monday welcomed Iran's commitment to suspend its uranium enrichment activities, but stressed Tehran must give long-term guarantees that its nuclear program was peaceful. 
 Argentina defender Juan Pablo Sorin says the chance to team up with midfielder Juan Roman Riquelme influenced his decision to join Villarreal. 
 A Pakistan coast guard patrol in the Arabian Sea arrested 22 Indians and seized their boats for fishing in Pakistani waters, a spokesman said Tuesday. 
 China urged the European Union to lift its 15-year arms embargo on Beijing "as soon as possible," promising Tuesday that the move would not lead to increased Chinese weapons purchases. 
 The International Olympic Committee said Monday it has received bids from London, Madrid, Moscow, New York and Paris to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games. 
 The court trying the alleged assassins of Serb Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic said Friday it would call some of his closest associates to testify. 
 The top U.N. adviser on preventing genocide warned Monday that hate messages in Ivory Coast were whipping up xenophobic fervor and said if the practice continues, he would recommend U.N. peacekeepers intervene. 
 Substitute midfielder Thorstein Helstad scored his second goal in the 90th minute, giving Norway's Rosenborg a 4-4 draw with Djurgarden of Sweden and avoiding a stunning home loss in a in their Royal League opener Thursday night. 
 Weight-loss experts have a novel prescription for people who want to shed pounds: Get some sleep. 
 The bodies of five children and their Congolese father were found Sunday in a smoldering car that was intentionally set on fire north of Brussels, officials said. 
 The Pan American Health Organization and the Caribbean Development Bank will assist hurricane ravaged Grenada with health care development and reconstruction, the government said Tuesday. 
 A month after a woman accused Kobe Bryant of rape, she told a friend she was considering suing the NBA star in civil court and wanted to buy breast augmentation surgery and a koala bear with any award money, according to court documents released on Friday. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder will travel to China and Japan next month to take part in an economics symposium and meet with business and political leaders, his office said Monday. 
 Israeli police said Sunday they have solved the July murder of a judge near his home in a Tel Aviv suburb, arresting five men, including two convicted killers. 
 France has asked the United States for access to the freed Syrian driver of two French reporters held hostage in Iraq _ and is "waiting impatiently," the foreign minister said Tuesday. 
 Darren Romeo, a protege of Siegfried & Roy, has been named the winner of the Magic Castle Magician of the Year award. 
 Today is Wednesday, Dec. 8, the 342nd day of 2004. There are 23 days left in the year. 
 The productivity of America's workers grew at a 1.9 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the smallest gain since late 2002, the government reported Thursday. 
 Half-centuries by Ian Bell on debut and captain Michael Vaughan led England to a five-wicket victory over Zimbabwe in the first one-day cricket international at Harare Sports Club on Sunday. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's government said Tuesday it was important to bolster the Palestinian Authority's security apparatus, to ensure Israel's planned withdrawal from Gaza did not create a power vacuum. 
 For weeks Ohio Secretary of State Kenneth Blackwell has generated controversy while deciding how voters in this crucial swing state can go about choosing a president. Now the Republican is being called on to usher the presidential election to a conclusion. 
 Phil Knight stepped down as president and chief executive officer of Nike Inc., the $12 billion (euro9.2 billion) athletic shoe and clothing company he co-founded and built into the world's largest shoe maker and one of its best-known brands. 
 Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. reiterated Tuesday it would meet its 2004 earnings target but said over the next three years it would lose $14 billion (euro10.5 billion) in revenues because of patent expirations. 
 Suspected Islamic militants gunned down a Buddhist ex-policeman and a migrant worker Sunday in the latest violence to hit Thailand's tense, mostly Muslim deep south, police said. 
 A cow sculpture created by former President Vaclav Havel made the top price at an auction of 33 such sculptures, an organizer said Thursday. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder warned Tuesday that naggingly high oil prices and the surging strength of the euro could hurt the strength of the largely export-based German economic recovery. 
 Workers at P&O Ferries will vote on whether to authorize strikes to protest job cuts, their union said Wednesday. 
 Republican and Democratic lawyers converged on Ohio for a potential new overtime presidential court fight, with the focus this time on tens of thousands of uncounted ballots cast by people who would otherwise have been turned away from the polls. 
 Pedro Almodovar brings a small white pad to an interview, and while he speaks, he quietly sketches a detailed drawing of a pen sitting on the table. 
 A Greek sailor drowned Friday when a small cargo ship carrying construction materials and a crew of 12 sank after hitting a reef near the Aegean Sea island of Aegina. 
 A soccer fan was fined a 1,000 pounds (US$1,880, euro1,430) and banned from soccer grounds for the maximum five years on Wednesday when he pleaded guilty to racially abusing Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke. 
 Yasser Arafat is brain dead and kept on life support, an Israeli Cabinet minister and Israeli security officials said Friday. 
 Militants in Afghanistan released a video showing three frightened foreign U.N. hostages pleading for their release, and threatened to kill them unless U.N. and British troops leave the country and Muslim prisoners are freed from U.S. jails. 
 Insurgents clashed with American troops Sunday, after blowing up a railroad overpass a day earlier in the northern Iraqi town of Beiji, the U.S. military said. 
 Departing European Union External Relations Commissioner Chris Patten said Tuesday that China must make "concrete steps" to improve its human rights record before the 25-nation bloc could lift its 15-year old arms embargo against Beijing. 
 European Union leaders refused to speculate on the impact that Yasser Arafat's departure could have on Middle East peace efforts, as the Palestinian leader fought for his life in a French hospital. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday congratulated the country's Olympic team on their strong showing in Athens and stressed the importance of a healthy lifestyle. 
 Nineveh province's deputy governor said his convoy came under gunfire Wednesday in northern Mosul, killing one of his bodyguards and injuring two others. An Interior Ministry special forces member in the area was also killed, he said. 
 On a continent that absorbs 75 percent of the world's U.N. peacekeeping forces and budgets, and 75 percent of the U.N. Security Council's time, Ivory Coast's violent downward spiral threatens hard-won gains achieved after West Africa's devastating civil wars of the 1990s. 
 Chechnya's president firmly ruled out any negotiations with top rebel leaders Saturday, saying there is "nothing to talk about" with former separatist president Aslan Maskhadov and warlord Shamil Basayev, the Interfax news agency reported. 
 U.S. troops in Fallujah reported finding nearly as many homemade explosives over the past three weeks as had been uncovered throughout Iraq in the previous four months. 
 Gabriel Schurrer scored with seven minute remaining to give Olympiakos Piraeus a vital 1-0 Champions League win against Monaco on Wednesday, firing the Greek club to the top Group A. 
 Saudi police have arrested a human rights activist who has been previously banned from writing in the conservative Gulf kingdom and traveling abroad, an Arab human rights group said Sunday. 
 A federal judge Sunday denied the state Republican Party's bid to force Washington's most populous county to stop counting some ballots in the recount of the governor's race. 
 Pakistan's military has been so effective in pressuring al-Qaida leaders hiding in the tribal region of western Pakistan that Osama bin Laden and his top deputies no longer are able to direct terrorist operations, a senior American commander said Thursday. 
 Pakistan will press ahead with talks to peacefully resolve the Kashmir dispute, Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said Friday, days ahead of his first visit to India since taking office three months ago. 
 Israeli soldiers shot and killed a 14-year-old boy in this West Bank town on Saturday, although circumstances of the shooting were in dispute. 
 Five Polish soldiers were injured Sunday in central Iraq in a car accident, the military said in a statement. 
 Vietnamese President Tran Duc Luong arrived in Brazil seeking to strengthen his country's commercial ties with South America's biggest economy. 
 Iran on Thursday denied allegations that it was working on atomic weapons and trying to fit missiles to carry nuclear warheads. 
 Halmstad striker Sharbel Touma has been called up for Sweden's friendly with Scotland this week, the Swedish Football Association said. 
 Iraq's deputy prime minister suggested that the country's elections, scheduled for January, could be delayed by insurgent violence, a newspaper reported Monday. 
 A South Korean delegation plans to make an effort this week to prevent the country's past nuclear experiments from being referred to the United Nations Security Council. 
 The head of DHL express delivery in Asia is applauding efforts by Thailand and Singapore to speed up economic reforms in Southeast Asia, but he warns that if the region doesn't work better as a group, less developed nations will lag farther behind. 
 Nuclear whistle blower Mordechai Vanunu was arrested by Israeli police Thursday for passing on classified information to unnamed international parties, police said. 
 Some 3,000 Lebanese students and activists defied the government Friday and demonstrated peacefully against Syria's domination of their country. 
 The European Union will officially take over the peacekeeping mission in Bosnia from NATO on Dec. 2, the future commander of the mission said Wednesday. 
 China says it will use a meeting of Pacific Rim leaders this week to unveil an initiative on energy cooperation. Indonesia wants to lobby Washington to renew military ties. Vietnam is expected to push its campaign to join the World Trade Organization. 
 Frankie Dettori was suspended for one month by racing stewards on Wednesday after pleading guilty to careless riding in Tuesday's Melbourne Cup at Flemington. 
 Sri Lanka's government on Monday promised the family of a truck driver held hostage by Iraqi militants that it will do all it can to secure his release. 
 In tropical Thailand, ice and sticks are most commonly found together in a tall glass holding a colorful cocktail. 
 Two students have pleaded not guilty to charges that they plotted an attack on their high school. 
 Turkey's foreign minister on Wednesday charged that Greek warplanes twice harassed a pair of Turkish jets during an exercise over the Aegean Sea, and he urged Greece to take measures to prevent such incidents. 
 Media group Emap PLC posted a 9 percent fall in half yearly net profit Tuesday, largely due to strong competition in the TV listings magazine market in France and the negative impact of currency translation. 
 The remains of an unidentified New Zealand soldier arrived home to a stirring traditional welcome by Maori warriors Wednesday _ 88 years after his burial in France during World War I. 
 Russia's top electoral official on Saturday criticized a bill that would toughen registration requirements for political parties, suggesting Kremlin support for the legislation _ which critics say is intended to stifle dissent _ is not guaranteed. 
 President Abel Pacheco said Thursday he is supporting former El Salvador President Francisco Flores to be chief of the Organization of American States to replace ousted leader Miguel Angel Rodriguez. 
 Theo Fleury is still battling a substance abuse problem, nearly two years after the former star last played an NHL game. 
 The number of foreigners evacuated after a violent uprising in Ivory Coast has topped 5,000, the French military said Monday, while more than 10,000 African citizens without hope of flights out have fled into neighboring countries. 
 American national champion Johnny Weir notched up a succession of firsts Sunday on his way to winning the NHK Trophy. 
 McDonald's Corp., the fast-food restaurant giant, declined to confirm or deny a published report Thursday that its succession plan calls for vice chairman Jim Skinner to become interim chief executive if Charlie Bell has to step aside because of his battle with cancer. 
 Japan's top telecommunications company Nippon Telegraph and Telephone reported a 3 percent rise in earnings Wednesday for the first half of the fiscal year on higher revenue for its Internet services. 
 Oakland Athletics shortstop Bobby Crosby was just a vote shy of being a unanimous pick for AL Rookie of the Year, and Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder Jason Bay won the NL award on Monday. 
 Charlie Sifford only wanted a chance to play. 
 A mosque collapsed in northeastern Morocco, authorities said Friday, killing 10 people. 
 Flash floods triggered by heavy rains left at least 11 people dead in the northeastern Philippines on Tuesday, bringing the death toll to 60 since a powerful typhoon ravaged the area over the weekend, officials said. 
 France has completed the evacuation of some 5,000 westerners and others from violence-torn Ivory Coast as Africans _ with no hope of such rescue _ have fled into neighboring countries. 
 A Syrian journalist said Sunday he has been ordered by the Interior Ministry to stop writing. 
 Stock prices rallied across Europe and Asia on Wednesday as markets bet that U.S. President George W. Bush would be re-elected in a tight race for the White House. By the time news broke that Democratic challenger John Kerry had conceded, European markets were almost closed and traders had largely factored in the win. 
 Computers used by the International Atomic Energy Agency to track, analyze and verify countries' atomic activities are badly outdated and urgently need upgrading, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said. 
 An Indonesian migrant worker was sentenced to a year in prison for kidnapping a Malaysian baby whom she had hoped to sell, news reports said Wednesday. 
 ABN Amro, the Netherlands' largest bank, confirmed Monday that it is under investigation by U.S. regulators for possible violations of laws to prevent money laundering. 
 A new Australian patrol ship armed with two machine guns will scour the country's territorial waters in a "deadly serious" mission to stop illegal fishermen from taking Australia's fish, officials announced Friday. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $437.00 per troy ounce Monday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $437.90 late Friday. 
 The governing Labor Party and the main opposition Conservatives each received more than 3 million pounds (US$5.4 million, euro4.5 million) in donations in the third quarter of this year, Britain's Electoral Commission said Tuesday. 
 Gap Inc.'s third-quarter profit improved slightly even as the international clothing retailer's sales began to sag. 
 Iraq's Independent Electoral Commission said Tuesday that 156 political parties have been approved to run candidates in the Jan. 30 general election. 
 More than 170 Alitalia flights will be canceled Friday when air traffic controllers walk off their jobs for four hours, the Italian airline said. 
 Parliament voted early Wednesday to give the Supreme Court authority to prosecute two more former Cabinet ministers as part of a government crackdown on abuses of power. 
 Chiefs of staff from the 26 NATO allies have to chose next week between generals from Canada and Denmark who are competing to become the alliance's top soldier. 
 The government decided Friday to allow the public to visit the Palace of Brigades, one of the Albanian capital's few architectural gems, its press office reported. 
 2004 _ Jason Bay, Pittsburgh 
 Standard Chartered bank plans to lay off 200 employees in Hong Kong, or about 5 percent of its work force in the territory, despite record profits in its largest market, the London-based company said Tuesday. 
 Money from North Carolina textile mills allowed Claribel and Etta Cone to assemble one of the great collections of modern art, filled with works by Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso. 
 SFC Opava will become the fourth team to have points deducted at the end of the season for its role in a referee bribery scandal that has rocked Czech soccer. 
 Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf said his country's bitter rivalry with India may be coming to an end, though he indicated that he wants New Delhi to show more willingness to resolve the dispute over Kashmir. 
 Borusssia Dortmund defender Christoph Metzelder, who shot to fame during the 2002 World Cup before coming down with a long-term injury, will receive a contract extension, Kicker magazine reported Thursday. 
 The Twentieth Century Fox studio, a veteran of the big screen and the TV screen, is about to break into an entirely new realm: the really little screen, the kind that comes on a cell phone. 
 American planes taking off from the USS John F. Kennedy aircraft carrier in the Gulf are targeting insurgents in the Iraqi city of Fallujah and jamming their communications, aiding U.S. Army soldiers and Marines engaged in street combat far below. 
 When Mark Winegardner was 12, he read Mario Puzo's "The Godfather" _ a novel that was supposedly off limits to him. The local library felt books with a lot of sex and violence might leave too much of an impression on a young reader. 
 A senior Tamil Tiger rebel leader was scheduled to meet a top Japanese peace envoy Monday after returning from discussions with officials in Europe on how to revive the insurgents' peace talks with the Sri Lankan government, officials said. 
 Nigerian star Nwankwo Kanu says his former Arsenal teammates have been poking fun at the glaring miss that cost his new club, West Bromwich Albion, a point last weekend. 
 The warning left in the garage of Omar Hameed, Iraqi National Guardsman, showed two bloody swords and a message: "If you don't quit your job in three days, you will be killed." 
 The U.S. and Swedish governments launched a euro15.4 million (US$20 million) program Tuesday to help improve Bosnia's local governance, a statement said. 
 Austrian police arrested a 21-year-old man who allegedly robbed at least five taxi drivers after threatening them with a syringe he said contained blood infected with the AIDS virus, authorities said Monday. 
 The federal government's latest attempt to improve security checks of airline passengers is prompting privacy concerns here and abroad. 
 The U.S. Virgin Islands' nonvoting delegate to the U.S. Congress is seeking her fifth two-year term Tuesday in an election focused on debate over how to deal with US$1 billion in debt hanging over the islands' government. 
 Britain's most famous scientist, Stephen Hawking, on Tuesday condemned the Iraq war as a "war crime" and said the U.S.-led invasion was based on lies. 
 Insurgents battled American troops in the streets of Baghdad, killing a U.S. soldier in an ambush and gunning down four government employees in signals that the guerrillas remain a potent force despite the fall of their stronghold of Fallujah. Nine Iraqis also died in fighting west of the capital. 
 A bomb scare in a downtown subway station briefly stopped service during morning rush hour Tuesday just as foreign ministers started arriving for the annual Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit. 
 A U.S. soldier was killed early Saturday when a roadside bomb exploded near an American patrol north of Baghdad, the military said. 
 An explosion blew out windows at a prosecutor's office and nearby buildings in the Tajik capital, Dushanbe, but no one was injured, police said Friday. 
 A car stolen by two drunk Russian soldiers slammed into a group of soldiers walking along a road in St. Petersburg, injuring 13 of them, a military spokesman said Thursday. 
 Militants threatening to kill three U.N. hostages say that talks with Afghan and U.N. officials were postponed for another day. 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell has been widely viewed as the moderate in an administration dominated by hawks. But like the soldier he was for more than 30 years, Powell always fell in line once President Bush made up his mind. 
 U.S. prosecutors asked Dutch insurance provider Aegon NV to provide information in an investigation into insurance fraud, the company said Thursday. 
 A former National Football League player accused of firing shots into the compound of Siegfried & Roy may seek an insanity defense, his attorney said Friday. 
 Former French soccer star Jean Tigana on Friday won his law suit against Fulham in a case stemming from his firing as manager. 
 Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Sunday he believes two French journalists taken hostage in Iraq more than two months ago are alive. 
 The U.S. military said Tuesday American and Iraqi troops have started operations to secure parts of northern Mosul from insurgents, as a mortar attack in the heart of the city left three dead and 25 others wounded. 
 Groups of Poles demonstrated around the country Saturday in support of Western-leaning Ukraine opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko, who claims he was cheated out of victory in his country's presidential election. 
 David Beckham, who has been sidelined for a month with a broken rib, hopes to return to action for Real Madrid next weekend. 
 Goats nibble on rotting vegetables, barefoot children scavenge through garbage and women in black robes scuttle over slivers of pavement to avoid raw sewage floating down the street. As U.S. soldiers pass by, the bustle continues uninterrupted. 
 Austrian authorities said Monday they have arrested nine teenagers aged 14 to 17 in connection with more than 100 robberies and thefts allegedly carried out to get cash for video games and drugs. 
 Fifteen years after the Berlin Wall's collapse, the lovingly restored houses, squares and churches in this medieval town are monuments to what's gone wrong in Germany's massive effort to revive its once-communist east. 
 Japan has caught 59 minke whales in its latest hunt as part of a research program that critics have denounced as thinly disguised commercial whaling, an official said Tuesday. 
 The daughter of a CIA pilot killed by the Cuban government during the 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion testified she held President Fidel Castro personally responsible for his execution and for displaying his frozen body in a glass case. 
 Machines malfunctioned, tempers flared and edgy voters often waited hours Tuesday to pick a U.S. president in a contentious race watched by thousands of monitors who expected the worst. 
 The British public is being asked whether television cameras should be allowed in court, the government said Monday. 
 A suicide car bomber blew up his car Friday outside a police station in the central Iraqi town of Hillah but no casualties were reported, the police said. 
 Isolated to scattered showers and thunderstorms will affect Western Sahara and Morocco on Wednesday including northern Algeria, Tunisia and coastal Libya. 
 Dutch police arrested seven suspected Islamic militants in raids across the country Wednesday, heightening concerns that global terrorism is spreading to this normally peaceful corner of Europe. 
 The head of the U.N. welfare agency appealed Friday for funds to tackle rising economic hardship in the Palestinian territories, arguing that even a revival of the peace process following Yasser Arafat's death will fail to ease widespread poverty. 
 Documents from Canadian health authorities show that Pfizer Inc.'s painkiller Celebrex is suspected of contributing to at least 14 deaths and other heart and brain side effects, according to the National Post newspaper in Toronto. 
 Pirate broadcasts over the weekend about the Falun Gong spiritual group interrupted satellite signals for TV stations in mainland China, where the group is banned, the Hong Kong-based satellite operator said Monday. 
 Albanian lawmakers approved an international consortium's bid to renovate the country's main airport, the parliament press office reported Friday. 
 President George W. Bush won a second term from a divided and anxious nation, his promise of steady, strong wartime leadership trumping John Kerry's fresh-start approach to Iraq and joblessness. After a long, tense night of vote counting, the Democrat called Bush Wednesday to concede Ohio and the presidency, The Associated Press learned. 
 Creating a way out from a sticky diplomatic problem, French authorities said Thursday they would release Yasser Arafat's medical records to his nephew, a Palestinian Authority figure who then could resolve questions about the cause of the leader's death. 
 Harry Redknapp quit Wednesday as manager of Portsmouth, citing the need to take "a complete break from the game". 
 Two British soldiers were seriously injured Sunday in a suicide car bomb attack in central Iraq, the Ministry of Defense said. 
 Today is Sunday, November 27, the 331st day of 2004. There are 34 days left in the year. 
 American International Group Inc., one of the biggest U.S. insurance companies, said Wednesday would pay $126 million (euro95.85 million) to settle allegations by federal authorities that it helped two customer companies commit accounting fraud. 
 Indian captain Sourav Ganguly's appeal against a two-match ban will be heard by a New Zealand lawyer within seven days, the International Cricket Council said Tuesday. 
 The U.N. war crimes prosecutor for former Yugoslavia accused the government of Serbia and Montenegro of blocking the handover of top fugitives and dismissed Belgrade's promise of cooperation, saying she wants arrests not words. 
 The president of the United Arab Emirates reshuffled his Cabinet for the first time since 1977 on Monday, replacing the interior and oil ministers and appointing a woman as economy minister, the official Emirates News Agency reported. 
 Formula One team Jaguar will race next season after being taken over by drinks company Red Bull on Monday. 
 By PETER PRENGAMAN 
 The U.S. dollar fell against other major currencies in European trading Tuesday. Gold prices were mostly higher. 
 At least four major explosions rocked central Baghdad Tuesday, as smoke rose above the fortified Green Zone. 
 Thousands of Jewish settlers and supporters held a massive prayer service in downtown Jerusalem on Monday seeking divine intervention to stop Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank. 
 A proposed 25-million-pound (US$46 million euro36 million) takeover of Leeds United by a British-American consortium collapsed Friday, and the club announced it would sell its Elland Road ground. 
 Colombia's government backpedaled Monday on the defense minister's sensational allegation that Marxist rebels wanted to assassinate U.S. President George W. Bush. A leftist who has rebel contacts dismissed the allegation as "clownish." 
 A Romanian journalist who was arrested for using a hidden camera to film a Bulgarian duty-free shop was released on bail Friday, a prosecutor said. 
 French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin said he had "reassuring" news about the health of two French hostages in Iraq, but expressed "concern" about the impact the U.S. offensive on the rebel stronghold of Fallujah would have on efforts to free them. 
 A truck rammed into a minibus in a remote area of eastern Pakistan on Thursday, killing at least nine passengers and injuring nine others, police said. 
 Pierce Brosnan, the actor who has played British agent James Bond in the last four "007" films, says he thinks fellow Irishman Colin Farrell would be his ideal successor. 
 Jordan's leading Islamic cleric appealed to Muslims worldwide Tuesday to reject religious extremism, saying some who claim to be followers of the faith are committing "criminal" acts in its name. 
 The head of Ivory Coast's parliament on Sunday accused France of teaming up with rebels in the nation's escalating civil war and demanded that French soldiers leave Ivorian territory. 
 Police in Bilbao on Friday arrested a woman suspected of belonging to the armed Basque separatist group ETA, officials said. 
 Police battled residents of a town on the outskirts of Mexico City on Wednesday to rescue an accused thief from townspeople intent on beating him. 
 Orders placed with U.S. factories fell for the second consecutive month in September, the Commerce Department said Wednesday, with demand dropping sharply for manufactured goods other than defense materials. 
 As Americans head to the polls Tuesday, U.S. Marines squaring off against Iraq's rebels expect more fighting no matter who wins the White House. What they want is better equipment, more pay and above all a clear exit strategy from their next commander in chief. 
 The chief of Israel's army said Friday that an investigation had been opened into the accidental killing of three Egyptian police officers, and conclusions would be issued next week. 
 U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage arrived in Baghdad for a brief visit, the U.S. Embassy confirmed Sunday 
 Iraq closed one of the crossings on the Syrian-Iraqi border on Thursday, a Syrian customs official said. 
 A key Serbian leader called Friday for early general elections, suggesting he might leave the republic's ruling coalition and help bring down Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica's government. 
 In the months after the Sept. 11 terror attacks, Africa found an unlikely benefactor in President George W. Bush. 
 Evander Holyfield may have finally run out of reasons to keep fighting. If so, it appears he'll be the last one to admit it. 
 Today is Tuesday, November 9, the 313th day of 2004. There are 52 days left in the year. 
 South African President Thabo Mbeki expressed optimism Monday that his efforts to stem the upsurge of violence in Ivory Coast will bear fruit even as rebels claimed that the government was preparing a new offensive. 
 Defender John Terry scored twice in three minutes Saturday to help Chelsea beat Charlton 4-0 and open up a five-point lead at the top of the Premier League. 
 U.S. Marines fired on a civilian vehicle that ignored warnings to stop at a military checkpoint in the restive central Iraq town of Ramadi, killing three civilians and wounding five, the military said Sunday. 
 Vincent Lecavalier signed with Russia's AK Bars Kazan on Thursday to play during the NHL lockout and said Tampa Bay Lightning teammate Brad Richards will be joining him. 
 Hugh Vyvyan has been called up to the England bench for coach Andy Robinson's first test in charge as the World Cup holder takes on Canada on Saturday with an entirely new back row. 
 Today is Sunday, November 28, the 332nd day of 2004. There are 33 days left in the year. 
 The death of Yasser Arafat opens doors to both chaos and peace. Which it will be depends on whether his successors rein in the bombers, whether Israel returns to negotiations and whether U.S. President George W. Bush will throw in his weight. 
 A witness testifying Monday in the trial of the alleged assassins of Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic said video surveillance had been switched off at Serbia's government headquarters at the time of the killing. 
 McDonald's Corp.'s recent CEO changes: 
 Crude oil futures settled below $50 a barrel Tuesday, falling to their lowest closing level since the end of September, as fears about heating oil subsided even though inventories remain tight. 
 The U.S. dollar sank to another record low against the euro in European trading Wednesday morning. Gold prices rose. 
 The presidents of Mexico and five Central American countries Friday discussed ways to integrate their region, boost their economies and stop the flow of migrants north to the United States. 
 Australia and the United States have agreed to install the newest version of a computerized combat system in Australian and U.S. Navy submarines, Australian officials said Friday. 
 After months of peace talks, the Sudanese government and rebels moved closer to signing their first accord aimed at stopping ground and air attacks in the war-ravaged Darfur region. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair on Monday pledged to "hold firm" in Iraq and said the massive U.S.-led assault against insurgents in Fallujah was necessary to ensure elections could go ahead in the country. 
 Three goals from Austria international Roland Kollmann helped Grazer AK beat Polish side Amica Wronki 3-1 in a UEFA Cup Group F match on Thursday. 
 President George W.Bush and challenger John Kerry traded big-state victories Tuesday night, then sweated out a tension-packed conclusion to a U.S. presidential race between an embattled incumbent and a Democrat who questioned the war the Republican waged in Iraq. It all came down to Ohio. 
 Cricket lovers will be horrified. 
 French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin said Wednesday night that critically ill Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in his "final hours." 
 Air Canada executives said Monday that international routes are doing better than expected and the airline is looking for used jets to add to its fleet. 
 Ivan Borghello scored two goals in four minutes Sunday, and Newell's Old Boys tightened its grip on the top spot in the Argentine league with a 3-1 win over Boca Juniors. 
 An Italian aid worker abducted in the southern Philippines was released unharmed early Wednesday after Muslim separatist rebels helped authorities corner the kidnappers, the military said. 
 The Supreme Court on Wednesday dismissed a petition against the detention of disgraced Pakistani nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan after he submitted a letter saying he was being "looked after well." 
 Mexico is holding out hope that Latin America will get more attention during U.S. President George W. Bush's second term and obtain changes in what officials here regard as "absurd" U.S. immigration policies. 
 The United States urged the Ukrainian government not to certify pro-Russia Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych as winner of disputed presidential elections in the former Soviet republic because of suspected widespread fraud. 
 The NBA players' union filed an appeal on behalf of Ron Artest and two teammates on the Indiana Pacers who were suspended for their roles in a brawl with Detroit Pistons fans last week. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded big-state victories Tuesday night, then sweated out a tension-packed conclusion to a U.S. presidential race between an embattled incumbent and a Democrat who questioned the war the Republican waged in Iraq. Ohio loomed as this year's Florida, the decisive state. 
 Bulgarian authorities have extradited to Austria a U.S. citizen, allegedly involved in fraud and money laundering worth millions of dollars (euros), the Interior Ministry said Thursday. 
 A prisoner who allegedly spent two months traveling with al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden and helped run a safehouse for the terrorist network refused Friday to attend a hearing on his legal status in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
 Hungary's Catholic bishops on Tuesday asked teachers and students at Catholic schools to pray for the government not to cut subsidies for their education. 
 The European Union announced plans Friday for a Bosnia-wide campaign to encourage ethnic integration and introduce its peacekeeping mission, which will take over from NATO next month. 
 Federal agents have captured a Guatemalan who controls key people-smuggling routes from Central America into southern Chiapas state, an important stop on the illicit route into U.S. territory, the Attorney General's office said Friday. 
 Hundreds of villagers were evacuated from an island in Papua New Guinea on Sunday as a volcano already blamed for the deaths of two people threatened another eruption, officials said. 
 Attackers shouting racist slurs opened fire on a Muslim prayer leader and scrawled a swastika in front of his door in the latest in an increase of racist incidents on the French island of Corsica, police said. 
 A key highway to the Nepalese capital targeted by communist rebels as part of a general strike remained deserted for a second day Wednesday, stranding thousands of travelers too scared to defy the rebels. 
 A court on Tuesday ordered the chief of India's main opposition party and other party leaders to respond to a petition seeking to revive charges against them over the demolition of a 16th-century mosque by Hindu hard-liners in 1992, a news report said. 
 Taiwanese chipmaker ProMOS said Wednesday it has ended its legal battle with Infineon by agreeing to pay the German tech giant US$156 million (euro 120 million) to extend a licensing agreement for chip technology. 
 The U.N. watchdog overseeing a cease-fire on the divided Korean Peninsula relocated Tuesday from Seoul to the border between the two Koreas to better monitor increasing traffic between the former battlefield foes. 
 Australian miner WMC Resources LTD said Wednesday that known mineral resources at its Olympic Dam mine in South Australia state have increased by 29 percent to 3.8 billion metric tons (4.19 billion U.S. tons) as a result of recent drilling. 
 Marion Cappendijk can't understand it. "We are so tolerant here," she said, as she reviewed the still-smoldering rubble of an Islamic elementary school that was firebombed in the 14th arson attack on a Muslim building in the past five days. 
 Thousands of Cambodians on Tuesday celebrated the country's liberation from French rule more than half a century ago, with revelers waving flags or toting pictures of independence leader and former King Norodom Sihanouk. 
 A small, white-bearded man lay on a blue blanket spread across three airliner seats, dressed in a track suit, snoozing his way over the Atlantic. 
 Brazil has recognized China as a market economy, Chinese President Hu Jintao said Friday after meeting with Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. 
 Output by Brazil's auto industry dropped in October, halting five straight months of production increases, the national automakers association said Friday. 
 Several heavy explosions hit central Baghdad Tuesday after nightfall. 
 European Union regulators on Friday cleared a joint venture between construction company Bilfinger Berger AG and sports rights agency Sportfive GmbH to operate the new stadium in Frankfurt which will host five World Cup matches in 2006. 
 A woman who fumbled a few phrases of Mexico's national anthem while singing the song before a soccer game in Guadalajara will have to answer for her actions, and could face a fine or even jail time. 
 Italian President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi visited Naples on Saturday and offered support to the southern city as it tries to end a bloody war between mobsters. 
 A Turkish soldier and two leftist militants were killed Tuesday in clashes in southeastern Turkey, officials said. 
 A London 2012 Olympics would be a compact, athlete-friendly event offering good transport links, a multimillion dollar surplus and no white elephants, bid officials said Friday. 
 President Leonel Fernandez declared the Dominican Republic is emerging from economic crisis, claiming that in a little over three months his new government has "begun eliminating the shadow cast over our country." 
 Robert Pires said in an interview Thursday that he understands coach Raymond Domenech's decision to drop him from the French squad. 
 Sundance Film Festival veterans Naomi Watts, Laura Linney and Patricia Clarkson are returning with new movies to the nation's top showcase for independent cinema. 
 The interim Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, escaped unharmed after militants from his Fatah movement opened fire near him in a tent crowded with mourners for Yasser Arafat _ a warning that the period leading to the Jan. 9 election of an Arafat successor could be chaotic and violent. 
 Driven by voracious Asian demand, Brazilian and Argentine farmers are scrambling to plant as much soy as they can while Chilean mine workers rack up overtime burrowing into the earth for copper. 
 A representative of the Bosnian Muslims living in Slovenia protested Friday against what he said was "planned and systematic" discrimination against minorities in this EU member country. 
 Actors Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston spent four days in Ethiopia to learn more about AIDS in Africa as part of a fundraising campaign to combat the disease on the world's poorest continent, a spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Sean "P. Diddy" Combs plans to celebrate his 35th birthday Thursday with an A-list, ultra-exclusive, all-night party. 
 European Union leaders on Thursday considered taking on a bigger role in rebuilding Iraq and forging stronger ties with re-elected U.S. President George W. Bush. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair faced unusually personal pressure Tuesday to open a fully public inquiry into the 1989 assassination of a Belfast lawyer, one of Northern Ireland's most bitterly debated killings. 
 Bob Krueger, a former senator and foreign ambassador in the Carter and Clinton administrations, was hospitalized here, reportedly after suffering a heart attack. 
 Rio Ferdinand says he won't look at the Premier League standings until his Manchester United team is back at the top. 
 Gunmen on Thursday fatally shot a local government official in central Iraq, a police commander said. 
 Swedish star Annika Sorenstam birdied four of the last five holes for a 6-under 66 and a one-shot lead after the first round of the season-ending ADT Championship on Thursday. 
 SAS AB reported a smaller profit for the third quarter of the year amid rising fuel prices that have plagued the industry and increased competition among its European routes from rival low-cost carriers. The company warned it would not post a profit for 2004. 
 Italy has been struck by extreme weather this week, with record heat in Rome, floods in Venice and strong winds fanning wildfires in the south. 
 England's cricketers flew out for their no-win tour of Zimbabwe on Monday with captain Michael Vaughan saying they didn't condone President Robert Mugabe's crippling economic policies but hadn't been bullied into playing. 
 The spokesman for Spain's soccer federation said English journalists must shoulder some blame for the racial taunts directed at England's black players during the teams' international friendly, news reports said Thursday. 
 Danish police are investigating whether a radical Islamic group in Denmark broke the law by passing out leaflets urging Muslims to travel to Iraq to join the insurgency against coalition soldiers there. 
 European nations appealed to U.S. President George W. Bush for a fresh start in trans-Atlantic relations, saying they want to work on healing the rifts that erupted during his first four years in power. 
 Austrian authorities said Wednesday they busted a group of older men dubbed the "Grandpa Gang" who allegedly were involved in selling cocaine. 
 Stocks surged Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials posting a triple-digit gain as investors expressed relief after Senator John Kerry conceded the election to President George W. Bush. A drop in oil prices also helped boost shares. 
 Franz Beckenbauer withdrew from refereeing a charity soccer match on Saturday and also disappointed his old friend Pele. 
 Reports of violence against women and children around refugee camps in Sudan's embattled region of Darfur are increasing, contradicting Sudanese government claims that the situation is under control, the U.N. children's agency said Thursday. 
 Elvis Presley was once fired as an usher at a Loews movie theater for punching out another usher, the story goes. By the time he returned years later, his face graced the silver screen. 
 South Africa will play in the 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup, the North and Central American and Caribbean championship, the region's governing body said Monday. 
 A European media watchdog condemned the indictment of a Hungarian journalist Tuesday, contending the reporter was prosecuted under outdated secrecy laws in a case it said undermines press freedoms in Hungary. 
 The U.S. government will consider allowing illegal immigrants from Haiti to remain here if they aren't violent criminals, and if they come from parts of the island devastated by Tropical Storm Jeanne, officials said Friday. 
 A crowded fishing boat filled with wedding party guests capsized off Indonesia's east coast, killing seven people, a port official said Tuesday. 
 Elderly protesters continued their seizure of a regional president's office in southern Russia Wednesday, demanding his resignation over a multiple slaying that his former son-in-law has been linked to, authorities said. 
 Prime Minister John Howard embarked on a fourth term Tuesday pledging to step up the fight against terror at home and overseas, strengthen links with Asia and continue reforming the country's booming economy. 
 Israel will allow international observers to monitor upcoming Palestinian presidential elections, fulfilling an important Palestinian demand, Israel's foreign minister said Wednesday. 
 President Vaira Vike-Freiberga nominated Aigars Kalvitis on Wednesday to be the country's next prime minister, citing his ability to forge a new coalition government. 
 Goalkeeper Mickael Landreau is set to win his third cap for France when he replaces the injured Fabien Barthez in Wednesday's friendly against Poland. 
 Chile and Russia will soon sign a formal accord avoiding double taxation between the two countries, Chile's Foreign Ministry announced Thursday. 
 A radio station owner sent a tape to federal regulators admitting he bought the station with millions of dollars he had stolen from clients, then attempted suicide after sending the confession, officials said. 
 In less than two years, CoolWebSearch has become the bane of the computing industry. 
 The U.S. ambassador to Kuwait intervened last year to ensure that Halliburton, the oil services company once led by Vice President Dick Cheney, retained a Kuwaiti business as a subcontractor to deliver fuel to Iraq, U.S. State Department documents show. 
 Demarco McCullum still wears a number. 
 Better known for fetching multimillion bids for Monets, van Goghs and Picassos, U.S.-based auction house Sotheby's now counts among its sales the work of a Hong Kong graffiti painter in his 80s, a Sotheby's spokeswoman said Monday. 
 Explosive batsman Dwayne Smith was a surprise omission as West Indies cricket officials named a 25-man squad Saturday to prepare for next year's triangular one-day series in Australia. 
 Thousands of soldiers backed by military helicopters were sweeping through the remote mountains of Nepal's west in a pre-emptive strike against Maoist rebels who have waged bloody insurgency against the government, officials said Tuesday. 
 Nearly a week after his death, speculation still swirls around what killed Yasser Arafat. Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder and poisoning are frequently mentioned in unconfirmed reports _ all consistent with the little that is publicly known about the medical condition that landed the Palestinian leader in a French hospital. 
 Some 12,000 households and offices were left without phone connection after a fire destroyed a telephone exchange in northeastern Czech Republic, police said Monday. 
 Former champion Cristiano da Matta hopes to return to the Newman/Haas Champ Car team next year after two disappointing years in Formula One. 
 The NBA returned to Charlotte on Thursday night after a two-year absence, but the expansion Bobcats opened their inaugural season with a 103-96 loss to the Washington Wizards. 
 Dutch leaders quarreled Tuesday about invoking a rarely used law banning blasphemy in response to a wave of ethnic tension and violence after a filmmaker who criticized Islamic practices was murdered, allegedly by a Muslim radical. 
 A Nepalese worker who was taken hostage in Iraq this week has been freed and is safe in Baghdad, Nepalese official said. 
 Raids on mosques and the arrests of several hardline Sunni clerics have raised fears that the U.S.-led assault on the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah will further alienate Iraq's Sunni minority from the majority Shiites and autonomy-seeking Kurds. 
 The world is unprepared for an inevitable flu pandemic that could kill tens of millions of people, but profit-driven pharmaceutical companies are putting too little research into the development of vaccines, the World Health Organization said Thursday. 
 A U.N. human rights official on Sunday called for an investigation into a grenade attack on protesters at an anti-logging rally in central Cambodia. 
 Rising star Robin Soderling of Sweden overcame a tough start before hitting his stride to beat Italian Davide Sanguinetti 4-6, 7-6 (6), 6-0 in a second-round match at the Paris Masters. 
 Top ministers from 21 economies ringing the Pacific Ocean gathered in Chile to convene high-level talks on free trade and global security as university students clashed with police to protest the summmit and weekend visit of U.S. President George W. Bush. 
 The European Union on Monday urged Ukraine's authorities to correct deficiencies in the electoral system ahead of the second round of presidential voting. 
 Chile has expressed "full support" for Vietnam's efforts to join the World Trade Organization. 
 A few showers and thunderstorms will affect northeast Algeria, Tunisia, northwest parts of the Libyan coast and southeast Egypt on Wednesday. 
 Taiwanese lawmakers failed to set a date Tuesday for a vote about whether to spend billions of dollars (euros) on U.S. weapons, effectively killing any chance of approving the deal before next month's legislative election. 
 The U.S. Embassy in the Hague and a number of nearby buildings were being searched for an explosives Friday because of a bomb threat, police said. 
 Pope John Paul II, in a gesture of friendship with the Orthodox Church, on Saturday handed over the bones of two early Christian saints that were brought to Rome from ancient Constantinople centuries ago. 
 Mexican Interior Secretary Santiago Creel said Friday he agreed with U.S. officials that immigration reform must be centered on the idea of "circular" migration, in which Mexican workers would return to their country after working in the United States. 
 Palestinians used to dismiss Yasser Arafat's wife, Suha, as a spoiled socialite who chose life in Paris over standing by her husband's side in his besieged West Bank headquarters. 
 A judge released on bail Thursday four Africans who had been jailed when they appealed to police for asylum in the South American country of Guyana. 
 A private jet en route to Houston to pick up President George W. Bush's father was hundreds of feet lower than it should have been when it hit a light pole and crashed, but federal investigators say it's too early to say what caused the wreck that killed three crew members. 
 Authorities intensified the pressure on the OAO Yukos oil giant Thursday, arresting a manager at a key subsidiary and issuing an international arrest warrant for the company's chief lawyer. 
 A mosque in the southeastern village of Helden, near the German border, was gutted by a pre-dawn fire early Saturday in what appeared to be the latest attack on an Islamic site since the killing of a Dutch filmmaker nearly two weeks ago. 
 Dozens of people crowded into the Franklin Park Zoo's indoor "tropical forest" on Saturday for the debut of its newest celebrity resident: a tiny 3-day-old western lowland gorilla. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange fell 0.5 percent Wednesday. 
 Iraqi security forces, backed by U.S. Marines, freed a captive Iraqi truck driver during a raid south of Baghdad, the U.S. military said Wednesday. 
 People outside the United States could only watch, wait and fume as Americans lined up to vote in an election that provoked an extraordinary degree of emotional involvement beyond U.S. borders. 
 Officials from Latin American countries, the United Nations and human rights groups outlined plans for confronting the increasing number of refugees concentrated in urban centers and protecting Colombians fleeing their homeland, while commemorating the 20th anniversary of a groundbreaking refugee-protection agreement on Tuesday. 
 The Dutch government on Friday pledged tough measures against Islamic radicalism after a written threat was found on the murdered body of a celebrity filmmaker, prompting officials to say "Jihad" had reached the Netherlands. 
 The living will of a 73-year-old man who is hospitalized and on life support must be respected, a judge ruled, despite his wife's pleas that he be allowed to live. 
 A court Wednesday reversed some of the convictions against 16 followers of the Falun Gong spiritual group for protesting outside China's liaison office in Hong Kong, in a case seen as a test of the territory's freedoms under Chinese rule. 
 A second former employee of DaimlerChrysler AG has filed a federal lawsuit against the automaker, accusing it of firing her after it ignored reports of accounting fraud. 
 Three Americans sentenced to eight to 10 years in jail for torturing Afghans on a freelance hunt for terrorists began their appeal Monday, despite the absence of their U.S. lawyers. 
 World No. 2 Thierry Lincou of France and No. 3 Peter Nicol of England cruised to straight-sets wins in the first round of the squash World Open on Monday. 
 President Vladimir Putin praised Yasser Arafat on Thursday as "an influential political figure on an international scale." 
 European officials are increasingly alarmed by the U.S. dollar's slump against the euro _ but they aren't likely to get help from the United States or Asian countries at the G-20 meeting of industrial and developing countries. 
 U.S. forces arrested a senior member of an influential Sunni political party Tuesday after a pre-dawn raid on his Baghdad home, party officials said. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez reshuffled key members of his government, naming as foreign minister the current head of Venezuela's state-owned oil company and handing the oil minister the helm of the company. 
 A grey heron found dead near Hong Kong's border with mainland China may have died of bird flu in what would be the second case of a bird dying from the disease this year in the territory. 
 Skating a program highlighted by strong jumps and throws, favorites Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo of China won the gold at the Cup of China Friday, as Jeffrey Buttle of Canada took a commanding lead in the men's short program. 
 The first group of Iraqi officials to be trained by NATO in crisis management techniques said Thursday that their nation's volatility is making it increasingly difficult to recruit volunteers for security forces. 
 Switzerland's glaciers are melting faster than previously thought, losing almost a fifth of their total area between 1985 and 2000, experts at the University of Zurich said Monday. 
 Capsules of Premier League games played Saturday: 
 Embattled Russian oil giant OAO Yukos has paid down just under a quarter of its total US$18.4 billion (euro14.2 billion) back tax bill for the 2000-2002 period, company managers said Tuesday. 
 Four civilians died in southeastern Afghanistan Thursday when an explosion hit their car as it traveled behind a convoy of Afghan army trucks, the U.S. military said. 
 Taiwan's de facto envoy to Hong Kong believes officials here are too conservative in handling the territory's relationship with Taiwan and has called for closer ties, a newspaper reported Wednesday. 
 President George W. Bush will make his first official visit to Canada on Nov. 30, meeting Prime Minister Paul Martin to discuss issues ranging from trade to terrorism and security along the world's longest undefended border, officials said. 
 The U.S. military said Thursday two U.S. Marine helicopters were shot down in separate incidents near Fallujah and their crews were rescued. 
 They like to say around here that you can't find a place more laid-back without being unconscious. 
 European Union finance ministers sought to massage their battered budget rules Tuesday, sticking to the spending limits but pressing for "more flexible" enforcement. 
 Chechen security forces killed 22 separatist rebels including the alleged leader of the assassination of the republic's president, Chechen deputy prime minister Ramzan Kadyrov said Monday, according to news reports. 
 The price of democracy in 2004: $4 billion (euro3.1 billion), and that's not even counting all the ballots, poll workers and election lawyers. 
 Diners accustomed to puffing smoke after a meal at their favorite hole-in-the-wall restaurant in Nuevo Leon state could face fines and detention starting next week. 
 Malaysia says military-ruled Myanmar should show "tangible" proof it is moving toward democracy to reassure an increasingly skeptical and frustrated international community. 
 Serbian basketball player Milan Gurovic, recently banned from entering Croatia because of a controversial tattoo on his arm, should cover the body art in order to play, a regional league official said. 
 The Hungarian government will try to withdraw its troops from Iraq as soon as possible, the prime minister said Thursday. 
 The stock market closed. 
 The intense U.S.-led assault on Fallujah could undermine Iraq's upcoming elections, the Russian Foreign Ministry warned Tuesday, and the United Nations' refugee agency expressed strong concern about the tens of thousands of civilians who have fled the besieged city. 
 Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka met with his Swedish counterpart Goeran Persson Friday to discuss bilateral trade and cooperation, along with European Union and international issues. 
 Malaysia's second highest court has upheld the right of government schools to bar male Muslim students from wearing turbans to class, drawing protests from the Islamic opposition. 
 You've seen Imelda Staunton before _ possibly in period garb, probably stealing a scene from more famous co-stars. 
 A Russian soldier carrying an explosive substance and an electric detonator was detained at a Moscow subway station, Russia's NTV television reported Saturday. 
 The government expressed skepticism Thursday over a claim by an Iranian opposition group that Abdul Qadeer Khan, the disgraced father of Pakistan's nuclear program, had given Iran a blueprint for a nuclear bomb and some weapons-grade uranium. 
 As one of the world's most prolific spammers, Jeremy Jaynes pumped out at least 10 million e-mails a day with the help of 16 high-speed lines, the kind of Internet capacity a 1,000-employee company would need. 
 A suicide car bomber rammed into a police patrol in Baghdad Friday, killing one policeman, police and hospital officials said. 
 For Internacional, facing Colombia's Junior is more than a test in the Copa Sul-Americana. It's a cause for celebration. 
 Dozens of ethnic Albanians blocked a key road in Kosovo's capital Wednesday, calling on authorities to resolve the fate of thousands who vanished more than five years ago during Kosovo's war. 
 India's second largest software exporter, Infosys Technologies Ltd., plans to increase the availability of its shares on New York's Nasdaq stock exchange by draining the Indian stock markets of 16 million shares, or nearly 6 percent, of its stock. 
 Hezbollah on Monday released footage of an unmanned reconnaissance drone it had sent into Israeli airspace a day earlier, a flight which the United Nations said violated the U.N.-drawn border between Lebanon and Israel. 
 After losing by 1,641 votes in one of the country's tightest House races two years ago, Utah Republican John Swallow reacted the way lots of people would. 
 Carlo Rustichelli, an Italian film composer who worked on hundreds of soundtracks and wrote music for the Oscar-winning "Divorce, Italian Style," died Saturday, news reports said. He was 87. 
 The Palestinian foreign minister on Thursday called on Israel to resume implementation of the U.S.-backed "road map" peace plan, saying it was time Israel met its obligations. 
 David Stern would not want to be in charge of a league that needs barriers to separate fans from players. Nor would he follow the lead of European soccer and order games to be played in empty arenas. 
 In front of Bally's Atlantic City, a discarded "On Strike" sign was stuffed in a trash can. Absent from the famed Boardwalk were the conga lines of chanting and singing strikers. 
 Fiji's disgraced vice president and four other men found guilty of treason-related charges linked to a 2000 coup had appeals of their convictions rejected Thursday by the Court of Appeal. 
 President George W. Bush said Friday the death of Yasser Arafat provides "a great chance to establish a Palestinian state" and a broader Middle East peace. 
 Indonesian police Friday arrested two people over a bomb attack last week on Sulawesi island that killed five Christians and raised fears of a fresh outbreak of religious violence in the region. 
 Ireland has suffered its first homegrown case of the human form of mad cow disease, but consumers of Irish beef shouldn't be worried about its safety, the government said Wednesday. 
 South Korea on Thursday broke ground for its first special economic zone on tidal flats where U.S. troops landed a half century ago to turn the tide of the Korean War. 
 A Vietnamese ship and its 12-member crew have been unlawfully detained in Tanzania for nearly four months in a business dispute dating back five years that doesn't even involve the ship, officials say. 
 A group of parents whose children were slain by teenagers urged Bulgarian lawmakers Wednesday to change the law so that youths convicted of murder can be sentenced to life in prison. 
 China pledged another US$3 million (euro2.3 million) to build a new cricket stadium in Antigua to host matches for the 2007 World Cup. 
 Security forces smashed their way into houses in downtown Kabul early Monday, detaining several men in an apparent search for three kidnapped U.N. workers, officials and witnesses said. 
 For many Americans, Secretary of State Colin Powell eased their doubts and legitimized the decision to wage war with Iraq. But the old soldier with a sterling reputation wound up embarrassed _ and wrong about the facts _ when the case he presented to the United Nations and to the world collapsed. 
 An aircraft carrying Princess Anne, Queen Elizabeth II's only daughter, was involved in a near miss Thursday with a British fighter plane over northern England. 
 The Panama Canal took in a record-high US$1 billion (euro776 million) in revenue in fiscal year 2004, which ended last month, the independent Canal Authority reported Thursday. 
 The father of one of two 13-year-old girls accused of serving poisoned cake to about a dozen students said Thursday he and his daughter were sorry it happened. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu hoisted Iwakiyama out on Tuesday to stay undefeated and atop the standings at the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso revamped his European Union executive for parliamentary approval and proposed Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini as candidate for justice commissioner. 
 The State Department urged the Sudanese government Wednesday to arrange for the return of thousands of people in Darfur who were forcibly removed from a camp where they had taken refuge. 
 Jolted by the carnage of the Madrid train bombings and the horrific cross-border rape and killing spree of a French pedophile, EU states are coming together on an ambitious new vision for policing Europe. It involves joint investigation teams and the sharing of hitherto jealously guarded criminal records and crime-fighting technology. 
 A man who spent 19 years behind bars for the rape and murder of his girlfriend was released after being cleared by DNA testing. 
 An insurgent attack on a U.S. military patrol killed one American soldier in southern Baghdad, the U.S. command said Wednesday. 
 Residents on the Dutch Caribbean island of Saba voted overwhelming in a nonbinding referendum to break away from the Netherlands Antilles and become a territory administered directly by the Dutch government. 
 Stocks fell sharply Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrials losing more than 115 points, as Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan sounded a warning over the nation's spiraling trade deficit. Crude oil futures rose more than $2 per barrel, further pressuring stocks. 
 The head of Ukraine's Central Bank resigned Monday, and media reports quoted him as saying and media reports quoted him as praising opposition protests and calling for at least a partial revote in the country's disputed election. 
 Nigerian authorities burned hundreds of assault rifles Monday in the oil-rich Niger Delta, pushing disarmament in bloody militia violence that has threatened supplies from the world's No. 7 oil exporter. 
 Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf on Saturday promised newly elected Afghan leader Hamid Karzai a common struggle against terrorism and more assistance in restoring Afghanistan's wrecked economy. 
 Shackled in front of a three-member panel under an American flag tacked to the walls of a trailer, Guantanamo detainees continued to go before tribunals Tuesday despite a landmark ruling that could halt the review proceedings and future trials. 
 An explosion and fire at a private home used to make fireworks killed three children and their parents Tuesday in eastern Pakistan, police said. 
 Greece's struggling national air carrier Olympic Airlines said Friday it has increased the number of flights from Athens to Sofia as part of company's commitment to expand operations in southeast Europe. 
 As polling stations across Namibia closed on the final day of voting Tuesday in the presidential and parliamentary elections, officials hailed the vote as a success for the country's young democracy. 
 Secondhand smoke can cause cancer. It's what the surgeon general says. So too the Environmental Protection Agency. And the World Health Organization. 
 U.S. consumers, who substantially slowed down their spending in late summer, roared back to life in September, boosting their purchases by 0.6 percent. The gain in spending reported Monday by the government far outpaced the increase in incomes. 
 Spurred by a summer banking crisis and a post-Sept. 11 money-laundering clampdown by U.S. regulators, the Union Bank of California has cut its ties with some 450 Russian banks. 
 Former President Alberto Fujimori is on a watch list barring his entry to the United States because of allegation of corruption and abuse during his decade-long authoritarian regime, a U.S. diplomatic official said. 
 Hertha Berlin's German international defender Arne Friedrich will be out of action for up to four weeks after twisting his left knee and slightly damaging his ligaments, the club said Monday. 
 The people who call Dell Inc.'s customer service line often have no idea why their computers are running so slow. The ones who call America Online Inc. can't necessarily explain why Internet connections keep dropping. And those who file error reports with Microsoft Corp. don't always know why their computers inexplicably crash. 
 Portugal's main political parties agreed Thursday on the question to ask in a referendum on the European Union constitution, but they don't know yet when they are going to ask it. 
 Bulgarian anti-trust regulators approved the sale of a mobile phone license to the country's telecommunications company, a move that will push forward the government's sale of the firm to a foreign investor, regulators said Friday. 
 Trying to retain Microsoft's dominance in the Indian software market amid increasing competition, company CEO Steve Ballmer brought his campaign Tuesday to the country's leadership. 
 Police said Monday they were searching for a man who brutally abused at least three horses, including one that suffered injuries so severe it had to be destroyed. 
 Oslo's Munch Museum could remain closed until June 2005 while officials upgrade its security system in the wake a brazen daylight robbery of two Edvard Munch masterpieces in August. 
 Soccer teams must take responsibility for the battle against violence among their fans, a British sports figures said Sunday at a conference about the explosive issue, a day after a street fight erupted following an Israeli soccer match. 
 Northern Egypt to Tunisia will be cool on Monday while a few showers may linger over northeastern Egypt. 
 Career diplomat Ferenc Somogyi on Tuesday was sworn in as Hungary's new foreign minister in a short parliamentary ceremony. 
 Various investigations into an alleged $180 million (euro139 million) bribery scandal in Nigeria involving a Halliburton Co. subsidiary and other companies have indicated that payments may have been made to Nigerian officials, the company said in a regulatory filing. 
 A judge said Friday she has ruled there is enough evidence to keep a former mayor jailed in the fatal shooting of a newspaper journalist who was killed while covering election-related protests. 
 The Bank of France cut its 2004 economic growth forecast Monday, placing further pressure on the government's budget plans as high oil prices and a weak dollar weigh on France's outlook. 
 Republicans defeated four veteran Texas Democrats and snatched an open Democratic seat in Kentucky as they glided toward extending their decade-long control of the House. 
 A U.S. military convoy was hit by a motorcycle bomber Tuesday in the central Iraqi city of Ramadi, though it was unclear whether there were any casualties, according to police. 
 A brief look ahead to this weekend's English Premier League games: 
 Britain outlawed fox hunting in England and Wales on Thursday as elected legislators won a dramatic standoff with the House of Lords to ban a popular country sport despised by many urbanites. 
 Australia finished off a clinical 213-run win over New Zealand just after lunch Tuesday on the fifth day of the second cricket test to secure a series sweep. 
 A Marine major in charge of a military jail in Iraq set the wrong example for his men, leading to the death of an Iraqi prisoner, a prosecutor said at the close of the officer's court-martial. 
 Paraguayan goalkeeper Jose Luis Chilavert will be feted in a weekend farewell match that will see former South American stars Carlos Valderrama and Ivan Zamarano return to the pitch. 
 The wife of an Indonesian human rights activist who was fatally poisoned was sent a dismembered chicken with a death threat warning her not to publicly blame the military for her husband's death, media reports said Sunday. 
 The body of a whale resembling a giant dolphin that washed up on an eastern Australian beach has intrigued local scientists, who agreed Wednesday that it is rare but are not sure just how rare. 
 Police detained six activists on Thursday for holding an unauthorized demonstration outside Azerbaijan's parliament to protest the presence of Armenian officers at a NATO seminar scheduled for later this month. 
 Thousands of Buddhist pilgrims trekked to a temple in the southern republic of Kalmykia on Tuesday to join prayers led by the Dalai Lama, on his first visit to Russia after years of being denied entry out of Moscow's concerns for its close ties with Beijing. 
 Rolling Stone magazine has named the top 500 songs of all-time, and, well, the No. 1 song isn't exactly a complete unknown. 
 The European Union is seeking to boost economic and political ties with India by signing a "strategic partnership" agreement with the fast-growing economic power, the EU said Thursday. 
 Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman combined for a 10-under 62 and moved into a tie for the lead with Justin Leonard and Steve Flesch after two rounds of the Franklin Templeton Shootout on Saturday. 
 Former Rangers and Everton manager Walter Smith has been offered the job as Scotland manager, Sky Sports News reported Monday. 
 Intelligence agents raided a home in eastern Pakistan and arrested five men on suspicion they were supplying weapons to militant groups, officials said Tuesday. 
 High oil prices helped Total SA's profit to jump 38 percent in the third quarter, the French oil company said Wednesday, but production fell for the first time in four years. 
 Ending one of the Army's longest desertion cases, Charles Robert Jenkins was sentenced to 30 days in a military jail Wednesday for abandoning his unit on a freezing hillside to cross over into North Korea nearly 40 years ago. 
 Boeing Co., responding to what it sees as improving world economic conditions, will offer a cargo version of its long-range, twin-engine 777 airplane beginning in late 2008. 
 The United Nations appealed for US$1.7 billion (euro1.32 billion) Thursday to help 26 million people suffering in some of the world's forgotten disaster zones. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled U.S. immigration reforms, saying they would strengthen border security and help the economy. 
 Suspected Islamic insurgents shot and seriously wounded a deputy provincial governor Tuesday while he was inspecting the scene of an earlier attack in one of Thailand's predominantly Muslim southern provinces. 
 Britain unveiled Tuesday the judges who will lead three probes into some of Northern Ireland's most bitterly disputed killings. 
 Taiwan said Wednesday it has established formal diplomatic relations with the South Pacific nation of Vanuatu _ a victory in this island's intense competition with China for global recognition. 
 Leroy F. Aarons, a former national correspondent for The Washington Post and executive editor of the Oakland Tribune who founded the National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association, has died. He was 70. 
 The British government Wednesday expressed sorrow at the death of the United Arab Emirates President Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan. 
 The State Department called on parties to the conflict in the Ivory Coast resume a dialogue to end continuing strife in the West African nation. 
 Though the Church of England remains sharply divided on whether women should be priests, it cannot avoid a decision on whether they should be bishops as well, a church report released Tuesday said. 
 A mammoth locust infestation that destroyed crops throughout West Africa this year has not seriously affected food production in most of the region, the United Nations said Thursday. 
 France's foreign minister said Saturday an independent Palestinian state should be created as soon as possible _ even with "temporary" borders _ and called on the United States and Europe to work urgently toward brokering Middle East peace. 
 A 1st Infantry Division soldier died of injuries received in a vehicle accident Sunday in northern Iraq, the U.S. military said. 
 A close aide to North Korean leader Kim Jong Il has undergone surgery in Russia to treat pancreatic cancer, a news agency reported Tuesday. 
 Kosovo's largest ethnic Albanian party won general elections in this U.N.-run province, but failed to gain the absolute majority needed to govern alone and will have to form a coalition government, according to final results released Wednesday. 
 Organizers of a U.S. gay and lesbian conference said soul-searching was in order after the resounding voter passage of gay marriage bans in 11 states last week. 
 The steady crowds cross an arched bridge and follow a pebbled path into a forest of towering cypress trees, bowing before a simple gate that stands between them and the holiest place in Japan _ the inner sanctuary of the Grand Shrines of Ise. 
 A pair of famous New York faces recently underwent face-lifts and chin-tucks to restore their youthful luster. 
 Islamic preachers must do more to provide religious instruction devoid of extremism and calls for violence, the top Egyptian religious affairs official said to a gathering of Muslim scholars and government officials on Sunday. 
 A Paralympic basketball gold medalist who has campaigned to improve access for the disabled in the developing world and a scientist-turned-political philosopher who worked on ways to control the invasive kudzu plant were among the 32 Americans selected as Rhodes Scholars for 2005. 
 Turkey's prime minister told U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney Thursday that Turkey is perturbed by the U.S. military offensive on the Iraqi city of Fallujah and the fatal shooting of a wounded Iraqi by a U.S. Marine in an Iraqi mosque, news reports said. 
 An alleged courier for Afghanistan's ousted Taliban regime appeared before a U.S. military review tribunal Monday at Guantanamo Bay. 
 The Copenhagen Stock Exchange said Monday it had signed a letter of intent with Nordic bourse operator OMX to merge its operations, bringing the concept of an integrated pan-Nordic and Baltic securities market a step closer to fruition. 
 LONDON _ The race to host the 2012 Olympic Games entered its final stage Monday, with London, New York, Paris, Moscow and Madrid handing over their bid dossiers to the International Olympic Committee. 
 Canada's economic growth fell below expectations in the third quarter and slowed to a halt during September, raising doubts that the Bank of Canada will continue increasing interest rates. 
 Vietnam executed five people by firing squads for murder and drug trafficking in three separate cases, an official said Thursday. 
 Flooding and mudslides have killed seven people, left one person missing and blocked some roads in northern Venezuela, authorities said Thursday. 
 Gold opened at US$433.75 an ounce on Wednesday in Hong Kong, up 40 U.S. cents an ounce from Tuesday's close of US$433.35. 
 At least three people were hospitalized and others suffered irritated eyes Saturday after someone released pepper spray at Toys R Us' flagship store during the busy holiday shopping weekend, fire and police spokesmen said. 
 President George W. Bush won a second term from a divided and anxious nation, his promise of steady, strong wartime leadership trumping John Kerry's fresh-start approach to Iraq and joblessness. After a long, tense night of vote counting, the Democrat called Bush to concede Ohio and the presidency, The Associated Press learned. 
 Portuguese police said Friday they seized 10 metric tons (11 tons) of hashish with an estimated street value of euro50 million (US$65 million) in an operation in southern Portugal. 
 Paris St. Germain striker Pedro Pauleta Monday said he would settle for a draw with defending champion FC Porto in their upcoming Group H Champions League game. 
 The appointment of Italy's foreign minister to the European Commission has set the stage for a shuffle of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's Cabinet, a move the premier hopes can soothe tensions in his government. 
 A court in Ho Chi Minh City has sentenced an Australian man to death for trafficking heroin, state-controlled media reported Monday. 
 Manchester City midfielder Trevor Sinclair is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,227.57 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday, up 207.59 points, or 1.89 percent, from Friday. 
 Taiwan's High Court decided not to nullify the March 20 presidential election Thursday, rejecting the opposition's claims the vote was marred by fraud and a shooting that injured President Chen Shui-bian a day before his victory by a razor-thin margin. 
 Former Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim on Monday warned southern Thailand risked becoming a flashpoint for Islamic extremism, after 85 Muslims died there last week in a confrontation with the army. 
 Relatives of a man being held in the deadly shooting of six deer hunters say they are just as stunned and bewildered by the incident as authorities investigating the case. 
 A list of the 25 posts of the designated European Commission and the people proposed Thursday to fill them. The European Parliament is expected to vote on the team during the Nov. 15 session. 
 Hollinger International Inc. on Tuesday said that it would sell The Jerusalem Post to an Israeli media company for $13.2 million (euro10.2 million), marking the second sale of an international newspaper as the company winnows down its assets following the ouster of its former CEO Conrad Black. 
 People have been digging up remains from graves to make room for their own departed loved ones in land-scarce Hong Kong, an investigation showed. 
 Former Benfica forward Jose Luis has been appointed coach of the East Timor squad for its debut in the Tiger Cup, southeast Asia's biennial international soccer competition. 
 More than 100 hydroelectric plants in southern China have been ordered shut to preserve water for farming amid an extended severe drought. 
 U.S. troops killed four suspected militants and captured a Taliban commander in one of Afghanistan's most dangerous valleys Thursday, officials said, while an explosion killed four civilians in an attack apparently meant for Afghan troops. 
 The Bank of England left its key interest rate unchanged at 4.75 percent Thursday. 
 Lille and Sochaux both lost ground on French league leader Lyon on Sunday. 
 International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge expressed confidence Monday in Beijing's decision to scale back Olympic construction, saying plans for a "frugal Olympics" wouldn't interfere with holding the 2008 Summer Games. 
 The top U.N. envoy in the Middle East said Monday there is a new opportunity for peace, citing recent statements from U.S. President George W. Bush, the new Palestinian leadership and the prime ministers of Israel and Britain. 
 The U.S. military said Tuesday it is investigating the videotaped fatal shooting of a wounded man by a U.S. Marine in a mosque in Fallujah. Iraqis condemned the act as "cowardice" and "something forbidden in Islam." 
 Police violence against gays and discrimination against AIDS patients in Jamaica are hurting efforts to fight the virus on the Caribbean island, Human Rights Watch said in a report released Tuesday. 
 Three British soldiers in the Black Watch regiment were killed in a suicide attack at a vehicle checkpoint in central Iraq, officials said. 
 Tiger Woods matched his best score of the year with a 6-under 64 and Jay Haas finished strong in shooting a 66 for a two-shot lead over Stephen Ames in the Tour Championship on Friday. 
 Frightened Westerners _ many of them longtime residents of Ivory Coast _ piled into buses, boats and planes in a growing French-run evacuation despite government promises to quell a surge of anti-foreigner violence. 
 With prosecutors wrapping up a probe into a doping scandal that disgraced Greece's two top sprinters, former Olympic champion Costas Kenteris insisted he never tried to evade drug testers and would welcome a chance to clear his name in court. 
 Indonesia on Tuesday awarded local and foreign companies 12 new oil and gas blocks for exploration, and said it would offer 10 more blocks for bidding in December to boost the country's dwindling oil production. 
 Gunmen held up a shuttle bus full of French and Belgian tourists in Guatemala, robbing the passengers of their money and belongings, police said Monday. 
 Crude oil futures prices soared more than $2 a barrel to settle above $48 on Friday, as concerns about tight winter fuel supplies mixed with speculation that OPEC may scale back output later this year. 
 The Spanish soccer federation apologized Friday for the racist abuse aimed at England's black players during a game in Madrid. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Drinking water on U.S. commercial airliners will be checked more frequently after the Environmental Protection Agency found evidence of harmful bacteria in the water of one of every eight planes tested. 
 Prince William supported the oft-criticized behavior of his brother, Prince Harry, and also stuck up for his dad, Prince Charles, in a rare interview with the British media published Saturday. 
 About a thousand workers marched through the capital in a peaceful demonstration on Wednesday to protest against taxation on their retirement benefits and poor constitutional reform. 
 Prime Minister Ariel Sharon postponed a meeting with British Foreign Minister Jack Straw on Wednesday over a sore throat he was suffering, his office said. 
 Pakistani troops on Thursday arrested four terror suspects in a troubled northwestern tribal region near Afghanistan, an army official said. 
 The government and a dozen airlines struck a deal Tuesday requiring sanitation improvements and increased testing of drinking water aboard aircraft after officials found evidence of harmful bacteria in the water of one in every eight planes tested. 
 Deadly violence in Ivory Coast has shut down cocoa exports in the world's largest producer, closing ports that ship more than 40 percent of the world's raw material for chocolate, cocoa traders said Tuesday. 
 President Gen. Pervez Musharraf left on a brief visit to neighboring Afghanistan on Saturday to congratulate Hamid Karzai on his victory in the war-ravaged country's landmark presidential elections, an official said. 
 School officials in Georgia's suburban Cobb County go to court Monday to defend themselves against a lawsuit accusing the district of promoting religion by requiring that science textbooks warn students evolution is "a theory, not a fact." 
 Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi said Thursday that the Axum Obelisk, a 1,700-year-old monument hauled off almost four decades ago from Ethiopia by Italian fascist forces, would be back home by next year, an Italian news agency said. 
 U.S. troops have "isolated Fallujah" and all traffic in and out of the city has been halted after the Iraqi government ordered emergency rule in most of the country, the U.S. military said. 
 When former CIA Director George Tenet said his farewells at a two-hour ceremony this summer, a deputy noted that 40 percent of the agency's staff had worked for just one chief. 
 The owner of the professional basketball team the Dallas Mavericks says he plans to start a hedge fund, run by professional gamblers, to make bets on sporting events. 
 Senior Indian officials and bankers met Monday to discuss how to restart a power plant built by bankrupt U.S. energy company Enron Corp., which has been shut for three years, a news report said. 
 Rescuers were searching Monday for 141 coal miners trapped by an explosion in central China, but toxic gas was hampering the effort. At least 25 others were killed. 
 The candidate for Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista Front claimed victory Monday in weekend mayoral elections in the capital, saying "the future would triumph over the past." 
 An international development agency said Tuesday it would use the United Nations' Year of Microcredit to work with banks to deliver financial services to the world's poorest people. 
 South Africa flanker Schalk Burger was named player of the year in International Rugby Board awards dominated by the Springboks. 
 The monounsaturated fat in olive oil may reduce the chances of suffering coronary heart disease, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Monday, opening the door to revised food labels. 
 A man set himself afire just outside a White House gate and repeatedly yelled "Allah Allah" after Secret Service officers put out the flames and one held him facedown on the sidewalk. 
 Masked gunmen assassinated a Sunni cleric north of Baghdad on Tuesday _ the second such killing in as many days. Insurgents hit a U.S. convoy with a roadside bomb near the central Iraq city of Samarra, drawing return fire that killed one man. 
 Insurgents armed with grenades attacked a Romanian army convoy Saturday in Iraq, the Defense Ministry said. No casualties were reported. 
 India said Saturday it was prepared to consider Pakistan's recent proposal to settle the decades-old Kashmir dispute. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Real Madrid could land in trouble with UEFA after its Champions League game against Bayer Leverkusen was marred by racist abuse, a repeat of incidents during an international match at the club's stadium last week. 
 A roadside bomb Wednesday in northern Iraq killed six Iraqi soldiers and wounded two others, Iraqi officials said. 
 A judge ordered a curfew in a small Amazon town Saturday after residents tried to lynch a man who confessed to killing two young girls. 
 Jim Carrey said on the CBS program "60 minutes" that he is better able to deal with depression now that he lives a life free of Prozac and alcohol. 
 The government on Friday welcomed a letter by U.S. President George W. Bush promising to support a United Nations effort to resolve a name dispute between neighbors Greece and Macedonia. 
 Economic growth in Latin America and the Caribbean helped lift an estimated 2 million people out of poverty in 2004, a United Nations regional commission reported Tuesday. 
 Voter turnout is likely to be higher than in recent presidential elections _ especially among young voters _ in a very close race, weekend polls suggest. 
 A former senior police official went on trial Thursday for ordering threats of violence against a suspect in the 2002 kidnapping and murder of a German banker's son. 
 Administrative problems, not politics, led to a report that falsely showed a decline in worldwide terror attacks last year, the U.S. State Department inspector general's office said Tuesday. 
 A couple who underwent Botox injections last week were hospitalized with botulism poisoning, and health officials were attempting to determine whether the injections were to blame. 
 Russian figure skater Irina Slutskaya, the 2002 world champion and Olympic silver medalist, is expected to return to competition Thursday with a new short program at the Cup of China. 
 Worries that high oil prices and the strong euro could dampen economic recovery will keep the European Central Bank locked down in its watchful no-change stance at Thursday's interest-rate meeting _ and likely for months ahead, economists said. 
 What's at stake in Tuesday's elections: 
 Shares of Fannie Mae fell sharply in trading Tuesday as the mortgage giant's outside auditor KPMG refused to sign off on its third-quarter earnings report, causing the the company to miss a regulatory deadline for filing it. 
 Canada's Bombardier Recreational Products Inc. is cutting 800 jobs _ or more than 10 per cent of its work force _ because of the continued rise in the Canadian dollar and higher prices for energy and raw materials. 
 French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy on Monday visited Budapest's Holocaust museum at the beginning of a two-day trip to Hungary. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $434.90 per troy ounce Thursday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $434.00 late Wednesday. 
 Actor Danny Glover on Monday criticized the "arrogance and dismissiveness" of the U.S. government, expressing regret that his own country has yet to sign up to a 144-nation treaty to eliminate the use of land mines. 
 A disastrous gamble in the insurance business has pushed this Los Angeles suburb to the brink of financial collapse and raised fears that bankers might try to seize Gardena's parks, gymnasiums, even the swimming pool. 
 The United States should again be a leader in arms control and disarmament and ratify a global test ban treaty to encourage other nuclear powers to do so, the former head of the U.N. weapons inspection team said Saturday. 
 Philadelphia Orchestra musicians have overwhelmingly approved a new three-year labor contract, more than two months after their old contract expired. 
 Security forces have arrested 15 people and recovered assault rifles, knives and machetes they suspect were used in fighting in which 12 people were killed and 15 others wounded, the state radio said. 
 European Union officials kept up pressure Tuesday on the United States to curb its deficits to help bolster the sagging dollar amid fears a strengthening euro would stifle Europe's fledgling economic recovery. 
 In the opening scene, actor Robert Blake and his wife, Bonny Lee Bakley, are leaving the restaurant. He goes back inside. A vehicle pulls alongside the couple's car and Bakley's hit by gunfire. The killer is not shown. 
 President Vladimir Voronin on Tuesday fired Moldova's military intelligence chief, the second high-ranking official to lose his job after the theft of dozens of grenade launchers from a military warehouse. 
 Former President Bill Clinton has a message for Democrats inconsolable after President George W. Bush's re-election: Buck up. It's not that bad. You need to improve your image. 
 A year has passed since the last Concorde flight, and after 27 years of crossing the Atlantic at supersonic speeds, most of the sleek white jetliners were retired to museums. Of the nine planes flying at the end of service, three are now on display in the United States, at the Museum of Flight in Seattle, the Intrepid Air-Sea-Space Museum in New York and the Uvdar-Hazy Center near Washington, D.C. 
 The Georgian parliament on Tuesday approved the deployment of 300 soldiers to Iraq, almost tripling the number of Georgian troops to serve in the U.S.-led coalition. 
 Macedonia's opposition parties filed a formal complaint with the Supreme Court on Sunday over what they say were irregularities during a referendum on the rights of minority ethnic Albanians in the Balkan republic. 
 One of Colombia's most powerful right-wing warlords, wanted in the United States on drug trafficking charges and blamed for numerous rights abuses, is temporarily free to roam around the country. 
 Four thousand people rallied Sunday in the Moldovan capital to protest the arrests of dozens of members of the opposition. 
 Spanish director Pedro Almodovar's latest film, "Bad Education," has been slapped with an explicit rating in the United States. 
 Iraq's interim leader Ayad Allawi was quoted as saying Friday that he doesn't understand what U.N. chief Kofi Annan meant in a letter warning that a new military campaign in Fallujah could jeopardize Iraq's election in January. 
 German President Horst Koehler on Wednesday strongly urged the European Union to show a united front in its policies toward Russia, citing the country's apparent unwillingness to sign border treaties with its EU neighbors Estonia and Latvia. 
 An antiques and furniture store has sued pop star Michael Jackson for allegedly failing to pay a nearly US$180,000 (euro138,000) bill. 
 Three Iraqi civilians were killed and three others injured in crossfire between U.S. troops and insurgents in a central Iraqi city, a police officer said Thursday. 
 A former stripper and her lover were acquitted Tuesday of murdering casino heir Ted Binion, who prosecutors say was drugged and suffocated in a plot to steal his fortune of buried silver. 
 U.S. Marines have begun turning over the insurgent stronghold neighborhood of Jolan in Fallujah to Iraqi forces, the U.S. military said Wednesday. 
 Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini received a two-match touchline ban Wednesday after insulting the referee in his side's 1-1 draw with Lazio on Saturday. 
 Carla Del Ponte, the United Nations war crimes prosecutor, told the NATO allies Wednesday she was "deeply disappointed" they end their Bosnia peacekeeping mission next month without having arrested key figures accused of Balkan war crimes. 
 Gaza strongman Mohammed Dahlan, once seen as a possible successor to Yasser Arafat, said Tuesday he will not run in Jan. 9 elections and instead endorsed the interim Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas. 
 A suicide driver detonated his vehicle Monday near an American military convoy in the western edge of Mosul, injuring five U.S. soldiers, a military spokeswoman said. 
 Pakistan's coast guard arrested 29 Indian fishermen and seized their boats for allegedly fishing illegally in Pakistani territorial waters in the Arabian Sea, an official said Friday. 
 Marwan Barghouti has decided to run for Palestinian Authority president in upcoming elections, a source close to the imprisoned Palestinian uprising leader said Saturday. 
 An Amsterdam court extended the detention of six men alleged to have formed a terrorist conspiracy to murder filmmaker Theo van Gogh, prosecutors said Friday. 
 Mizuho, one of Japan's four biggest banking groups, reported Monday that group net profit for the first fiscal half fell 8.4 percent from the previous year, despite some progress in getting rid of bad debts. 
 Rescue teams Tuesday were searching for four men missing -and feared dead - after a cargo ship unloading ethanol exploded at a port in Brazil's southern state of Parana. 
 Australian bank ANZ and Cambodia's Royal Group have teamed up in a US$18 million (euro14 million) venture that will bring electronic banking to the impoverished Southeast Asian nation, company officials said Tuesday. 
 Midnight Oil rock singer Peter Garrett got a fiery reception in Canberra on Monday as he prepared for his new role as opposition lawmaker, with a government minister accusing him of lying about his voting record. 
 German President Horst Koehler will travel to Poland to attend ceremonies marking 60 years since Soviet troops liberated the Nazis' Auschwitz death camp, his office said Friday. 
 U.S. and Iranian officials have signed an agreement to share library materials, giving scholars in America their first access to such items from Iran since Islamic militants took over the U.S. Embassy there in 1979. 
 A Japanese peace envoy met with Tamil Tiger rebels on Monday and pushed for the resumption of stalled peace talks with the Sri Lankan government, the guerillas said. 
 Alcan Inc. and aluminum competitor Alcoa have signed a protocol of negotiation with the government of the Republic of Guinea to develop an alumina refinery in the west African nation. 
 A court Wednesday sentenced an 80-year-old lawyer to 2 1/2 years in prison for helping criminal gangs from Albania launder more than 10 million Swiss francs (US$8.3 million; euro6.5 million). 
 Yasser Arafat's widow visited the hospital where he died and retrieved his widely sought medical records on Friday, and was deciding whether to release the information publicly, her lawyer said. 
 An appeals court upheld Sunday a suspended prison term handed down to a prominent fundamentalist Muslim cleric convicted of insulting Kuwait's ruler and questioning his right to make decisions related to the war in Iraq. 
 The dollar fell versus most major currencies Wednesday, resuming the downward trend that started two weeks ago as uncertainty surrounding the U.S. election came to a close with a victory for President George W. Bush. 
 A roadside bomb exploded near an Iraqi National Guard patrol Monday in Baghdad, the Interior Ministry said. 
 Juergen Klinsmann has gone a long way in revamping Germany's stodgy image during his three months as coach. His latest move is to change the team's color to red in a symbol of its new, aggressive approach. 
 Olympic champion Germany rallied twice from a goal down to draw a spirited New Zealand 2-2 and remain unbeaten in the Women's Champions Trophy on Thursday. 
 Bayern Munich midfielder Mehmet Scholl said Saturday he will not play for Germany again, despite a remarkable comeback from a long list of serious injuries. 
 South Korea's leader and U.S. President George W. Bush have agreed to seek an early resumption of stalled six-nation talks aimed at curbing communist North Korea's nuclear weapons programs, President Roh Moo-hyun's office said in a statement Saturday. 
 Venezuelan authorities said Thursday they will investigate comments made by the head of the Washington-based National Endowment for Democracy in which he allegedly disparaged the government. 
 The U.S. Marines said Wednesday American forces control an estimated 70 percent of the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 The United States has intelligence indicating Iran is trying to fit missiles to carry nuclear weapons, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said. 
 A judge allowed two lawsuits to proceed on behalf of 26 men, most of whom allege they were sexually abused as children by a former priest in northern New Jersey. 
 The European Union condemned the attack on French peacekeepers in the Ivory Coast and called Sunday on Ivory Coast's President Laurent Gbagbo to "stop all military operations." 
 Insurgents reeling from the loss of their base in Fallujah have struck back with car bombings and a rocket attack on the Green Zone as a U.S. official admitted that security in some areas was deteriorating so badly that "it would now be difficult" to hold elections there. 
 Israel released the top Hamas leader in the West Bank from prison on Thursday after he finished a 28-month sentence for being a member of an outlawed organization. 
 Tottenham defender Dean Richards has undergone tests to see if he has a brain tumor. 
 Israeli officials have decided to allow Palestinian security forces to continue carrying guns in public, military sources said Saturday, in a move aimed at building goodwill with the new Palestinian leadership. 
 U.S. troops battled Iraqi insurgents in southern Fallujah and the market district in the west of the city, as guerrillas launched attacks in one of Iraq's major cities in a possible bid to relieve pressure on their allies here. 
 U.S. and Iraqi troops recaptured police stations and secured bridges in the northern city of Mosul in an offensive aimed at pushing out fighters supporting the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 The start of the holiday season was respectable but unimpressive for many of the leading U.S. retailers, with consumers jamming stores and malls on Friday and pulling back as the weekend wore on. 
 Oil prices fell below US$48 a barrel Thursday as markets digested news of a rise in crude inventories but lower-than-expected U.S. heating oil stocks. A Nigerian high court also banned a planned general strike that would have targeted oil exports _ a situation that had been worrying traders. 
 England midfielder Steven Gerrard could be back in Liverpool's lineup against Middlesbrough on Saturday after being sidelined for two months with a broken bone in his foot. 
 With a red nose, yellow tie, floppy shoes and three dozen clowns in tow, Dr. Hunter "Patch" Adams brought his medicine of laughter, jokes and humor to the children of a St. Petersburg hospital Thursday. 
 Lower-than-expected sales at Cisco Systems Inc. sent tech stocks tumbling Wednesday while the overall market was little changed after the Federal Reserve announced a widely expected interest rate hike. A jump in oil prices contributed to mild profit-taking. 
 Jordan's King Abdullah II has urged U.S. President George W. Bush to push for a settlement to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict and to restore security in Iraq, the official Petra news agency reported. 
 A former German soldier described harrowing scenes Wednesday from the World War II slaughter of several hundred Italian civilians, during the trial of six former members of the Nazi SS accused of a role in the massacre. 
 South Korean regulators have widened a probe into Microsoft's local subsidiary over allegations the U.S. software giant violated trade rules by tying its Media Player program to its Windows operating system, the regulators said Monday. 
 Ivory Coast's government convened Thursday for the first time since a deadly airstrike on French peacekeepers plunged the country into crisis, declaring that their government was not looking for war. 
 Carlos M. Gutierrez rose to the top of one of America's biggest corporations after leaving Cuba in 1960 as a political refugee. He began working at cereal giant Kellogg Co. selling Frosted Flakes out of a van in Mexico City. 
 Gold opened at US$439.15 an ounce on Wednesday in Hong Kong, up US$1.50 an ounce from Tuesday's close of US$437.65. 
 A gas explosion tore through a central Chinese coal mine on Sunday, leaving at least 188 miners trapped as smoke billowed out from air vents, the government said. 
 Cubans and tourists lined up to change U.S. dollars into local currency Sunday, the last day to do so without paying a 10 percent surcharge that is part of a government measure to eliminate the dollar from circulation on this communist-run island. 
 Google Inc. had some IPO coattails after all. 
 Liberty Media Corp., which recently acquired the right to nearly double its stake in Rupert Murdoch's News Corp., has "no hostile intentions" toward the company, Chief Executive Robert Bennett said Tuesday. 
 Hungarian border guards detained an 80-year-old German man after finding child pornography on his computer, officials said Saturday. 
 The timber industry group that sued to have the threatened species status of the northern spotted owl reviewed does not expect the bird to be dropped from federal protection, but hopes new information will allow more logging in national forests. 
 Gold bullion opened Friday at a bid price of US$435.38 a troy ounce, up from US$434.60 late Thursday. 
 With Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in a coma, Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Friday expressed hope for a smooth transition and progress toward the goal of a Palestinian state living in peace with Israel. 
 Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin warned that the dollar's recent decline could accelerate and interest rates could rise if politicians in Washington don't act quickly to narrow the federal budget deficit. 
 Authorities in the northeastern Indian state of Manipur have imposed a curfew on areas bordering neighboring Myanmar to help soldiers combat heavily armed separatist rebels, officials said Tuesday. 
 In a continuing crackdown on piracy, Bulgarian customs authorities destroyed 126,000 counterfeit compact discs, DVDs and videos with movies, music and computer software on Tuesday. 
 Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. said that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value. 
 Large street protests by Islamic groups against women wearing bathing suits have shut down a female swimming competition in eastern Bangladesh, organizers said Tuesday. 
 Joe Worsley has recovered from a leg injury and will return to the England back row to face Tri Nations champion South Africa on Saturday. The recall of the World Cup player is the only change to the side that outplayed Canada 70-0. 
 Telefonica SA reported a 47 percent jump in third-quarter net profit on Thursday, citing a larger customer base and operating improvements. But trouble in its mobile phone unit led the telecom giant to lower its full-year outlook. 
 At least 20 people were arrested while protesting a U.S.-run military school for Latin Americans, some of whose graduates they claim later committed civil rights abuses including murder. 
 It's an elegant but somber memorial to Austria's deadliest peacetime disaster: a stone building with 155 glass columns, one for each of the skiers and snowboarders killed when fire engulfed a crowded alpine cable car on Nov. 11, 2000. 
 Jimmie Johnson went from top contender to also-ran to unbeatable, and now he has all the momentum heading into the last race of the NASCAR season on Sunday. 
 Crude oil futures surged above US$51 on Wednesday, then fell back a bit in volatile trading on the oil markets as traders anxiously watched results from the U.S. presidential election. 
 Sarajevo-born film director Emir Kusturica has won a slander lawsuit against a Montenegrin writer who accused him of supporting former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic. 
 French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie said Sunday that France has remained "totally neutral" in the Ivory Coast crisis and dismissed threats that a complaint against Paris would be filed with an international court. 
 For Microsoft Corp. shareholders, the holidays will likely come early this year in the form of a one-time $3 (euro2.35) dividend that's part of the company's plan to return some of its $64.4 billion (euro50.1 billion) cash horde back to shareholders. 
 Equatorial Guinea's prime witness repudiated his testimony in an alleged coup plot that stretched from Africa to Europe, saying Tuesday that interrogators forced him to make a fabricated confession under threat of immediate death. 
 In treating ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and with two French reporters held hostage in Iraq, France is being thrust back into the thick of Middle East politics _ even though it stayed on the sidelines during the Iraq war. 
 A freight train derailed in northeastern England Friday, causing delays on the passenger line between London and Edinburgh, Scotland. No injuries were reported. 
 Some spent months campaigning overseas, and they turned out in growing numbers to cast absentee ballots. But the votes of Americans living abroad not only didn't play a key role in this election _ many didn't even get a chance to be counted. 
 One of Denmark's leading Muslim clerics on Friday condemned the slaying of a Dutch filmmaker, but said Theo van Gogh's film critical of Islam was unacceptable and provocative. 
 India's main opposition Bharatiya Janata Party on Friday called a three-day nationwide strike to protest the arrest of a revered Hindu cleric in a murder case. 
 The European Union must be ready for the possibility that Turkey will not meet the tough economic and political criteria to join the bloc, French President Jacques Chirac said Friday. 
 The European Union's head office on Tuesday echoed comments by the European Central Bank chief, warning that "excessive volatility" of the euro's exchange rate against the U.S. dollar could damage economic growth in Europe. 
 If Texan actress Renee Zellweger has had enough of playing Bridget Jones, British fans would like to see an English star in the role. 
 Saudi police have killed a suspected militant and arrested three others in possession of weapons and ammunition as part of the ongoing crackdown on Islamic extremists in the kingdom, an Interior Ministry statement said Tuesday. 
 Customs officials have seized 8.5 metric tons (9.3 tons) of acetic anhydride, a substance used in refining heroin, the Bulgarian customs agency said Monday. 
 Norway's daily oil production was down by an estimated 4 percent after a gas leak forced Statoil ASA to shut down one of its platforms in the North Sea. 
 Fifty-nine cars raced off from northeastern India on Tuesday on a 8,000-kilometer (4,800-mile) rally to Indonesia to promote trade and cultural ties between India and Southeast Asia. 
 Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore was Tuesday named chairman of Generation Investment Management, a new London-based fund management firm that plans to create environment-friendly portfolios. 
 A top aide to President Vladimir Putin on Saturday called Ukraine's election dispute a major test of Russia's relations with the West and accused politicians in the United States and Europe of fomenting political change in former Soviet republics. 
 One man was killed and two police officers were injured Saturday in the latest shootout between police and drug gangs in this city's shantytowns, authorities said. 
 U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft is likely to leave his post before the start of President George W. Bush's second term, senior aides said Thursday. 
 France signed health and banking accords with Mexico and launched a joint trade mission with Quebec on Thursday as Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin kicked off the business portion of his three-day visit here. 
 More than 120 whales and dolphins died after swimming onto beaches on two southern Australian islands, where rescue teams were desperately trying Monday to prevent others becoming stranded. 
 Myanmar's military government has begun releasing almost 4,000 prisoners whose detentions were ruled irrelevant or improper, state-run radio and television announced. 
 A federal court and Puerto Rico's Supreme Court on Saturday and both ordered an immediate recount of the extremely tight Nov. 2 gubernatorial elections. 
 World leaders saluted Colin Powell following the announcement of his departure, with some regretting the loss of a figure who had sought international consensus through his multilateralist views and all hoping for constructive ties with his successor. 
 Peyton Manning threw four touchdown passes and Mike Vanderjagt kicked a 35-yard field goal with 2 seconds left to give the Colts a 31-28 win over Minnesota on Monday night. The kick capped a late duel between Manning and Daunte Culpepper _ the two teams combined to score on five straight possessions after an unexpectedly low-scoring start between two offense-minded but relatively defenseless teams. 
 Quietly, the IPO market has entered the second coming of the Internet age. 
 Doctors who prescribe the acne drug Accutane and its generic equivalents, pharmacists who dispense it and patients who take it, now will be registered in a central database under toughened government rules for a drug linked to birth defects. 
 Baseball-crazed Venezuelans celebrated pitcher Johan Santana's award as the American League Cy Young winner on Thursday. 
 A former top official called for an independent investigation Wednesday to determine whether the Serb military is harboring suspects sought by the U.N. war crimes tribunal. 
 Iraq can learn from the recent history of El Salvador, a country wracked by civil war that has developed into a stable democracy and close U.S. ally, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Thursday. 
 A bomb exploded in a cinema during a screening early Wednesday in northwestern Pakistan, killing two people and injuring 29 others, including a man who was suspected in the blast and arrested, police said. 
 Japan and South Korea opened a new round of free trade talks Monday as nearly 150 labor union members from the two countries clashed with police during a demonstration to oppose the deal. 
 The persistence of bloated U.S. trade deficits over time can pose a risk to the U.S. economy, which thus far has proven resilient, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned Friday. Policy-makers must not get lulled into a sense of complacency, he said. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's office confirmed Sunday that Allawi's cousin was released by kidnappers. 
 About four 4 miles (6 kilometers) east of the U.S. Capitol, in an industrial section of town, sits a gas station that looks like any other. But it's not, because on Wednesday it became the first in North America to have a hydrogen dispensing pump. 
 The European Commission gave its clearance Monday to ConocoPhillips' purchase of a 30 percent stake in Russia's Lukoil Holdings oil exploration and production company Naryanmarneftegaz. 
 News that Emisphere Technologies Inc. inked its second pact in two months following a long dry spell in licensing deals sent stock in the development-stage biotech company higher Thursday. 
 An angry mob looted and burned five nightclubs in a southern mountain town after the death of a man who fought with a club guard, police said. 
 Three members of the Iraqi prime minister's family were abducted at gunpoint from their Baghdad home, his spokesman confirmed Wednesday. 
 A graduate student was convicted Friday of setting fire to dozens of sport utility vehicles in an attack by radical environmentalists that caused $2.3 million (euro1.8 million) in damage. 
 Middle East countries from Egypt to the Persian Gulf have shown new resolve to counter Islamic militants who have staged bloody attacks at home and fueled the Iraq insurgency, a sign of how the global war against terrorism has stirred regimes' survival instincts. 
 Serbian President Boris Tadic on Monday met with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov at the beginning of a three-day visit expected to focus on the uncertain future political status of Kosovo. 
 Lena Goessling and Celia Okoyino da Mbabi scored two goals each Wednesday to lead Germany over host Thailand 6-0 in the opening match of the FIFA Under-19 Women's World Championship. 
 Japan's current account surplus expanded 9.3 percent in September from a year earlier, for its 15th consecutive month of growth, the government said Wednesday. 
 An explosion in a coal mine has killed 29 miners in the same Chinese province where a blast at another mine claimed nearly 150 lives last month, the government said Friday. 
 A fisherman was cited for killing an alligator nicknamed Elvis who lived in a golf course community's pond. The man said he stabbed the reptile in self-defense. 
 A homemade bomb was found Monday on a commercial flight inside Iraq, prompting additional screening measures to go into effect at Baghdad International Airport, the U.S. Embassy said. 
 Bolstered by a hard-fought election victory, President George W. Bush says the United States will vigorously pursue wars in Iraq and against terror and will not retreat from trying to spread democracy through the Middle East. 
 China needs to do more to control spending on construction, factories and other "fixed assets" to curb growth and cool inflation, state media reported Monday, citing top government officials. 
 MCI Inc., one of the biggest U.S. long-distance operators, lost $3.4 billion (euro2.6 billion) in the third quarter of 2004 due to a previously announced asset writedown of $3.5 billion (euro2.7 billion), the company announced Thursday, but its core operating results were better than expected. 
 Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso on Thursday revamped his European Union executive for parliamentary approval and proposed Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini as candidate for justice commissioner. 
 Arsonists razed more than a dozen public buildings in a southeastern Nigerian state during a second day of escalating violence linked to a power struggle within the country's ruling party, a local government spokesman said Friday. 
 Defense lawyers requested the acquittal of the Juventus chairman and a team doctor on Friday, arguing there was no evidence that club players were administered banned substances. 
 Dan Rather, the hard-charging embodiment of CBS News who saw his reputation damaged by an ill-fated report on President George W. Bush's National Guard service, said he will step down as "CBS Evening News" anchor in March after nearly a quarter-century in the job. 
 The Estonian Defense Ministry said Thursday it will buy 60 used armored personnel carriers from neighboring Finland as it enhances its military forces since joining NATO this year. 
 A Ukranian immigrant pleaded guilty Tuesday to helping her husband escape murder charges in the death of his mistress by fleeing to Europe, where he later hanged himself in jail. 
 A nursing-home fire blamed on a smoldering cigarette butt killed one resident Thursday, injured six and prompted a delicate evacuation of nearly 180 more, many of them disabled, authorities said. 
 A Cameroon club is bidding to be the third foreign team to play in Singapore's domestic soccer league and, its president said, will likely become the first team to fly across continents to play professionally on a full-time basis. 
 A bronze statue and stained glass window were unveiled at the Ministry of Defense in London Tuesday to honor members of the armed forces recognized for bravery and courage. 
 Cocoa futures on the International Financial Futures and Options Exchange rose sharply Monday because of fighting in the Ivory Coast, the world's No. 1 cocoa producer. 
 The opening races of the cross country World Cup season next weekend were moved to Gallivare north of the Arctic Circle because of snow shortage in Ostersund, the original venue, organizers said Friday. 
 Spanish-French tobacco company Altadis SA reported a 2 percent drop in net profit for the first nine months of the year, citing lower cigarette sales in core French markets. 
 Singapore will showcase its artistic talent in London early next year in the hope of boosting tourism at home, officials said Tuesday. 
 Despite Republican gains, President George W. Bush's picks for potential vacancies on the Supreme Court will face "political firestorm" in the Senate, the Bush administration's former chief lawyer at the high court said Thursday. 
 Republicans tightened their grip on the Senate early Wednesday, capturing a string of Democratic seats across the South. Democratic leader Tom Daschle struggled for political survival in South Dakota. 
 A high-speed train derailed in eastern Australia early Tuesday, injuring more than 120 passengers as carriages slammed into trees and plowed through nearby fields. Medical staff said it was a miracle nobody was killed. 
 Wall Street closed its third straight winning week with another rally Friday, advancing as a new retail sales report and a consumer sentiment reading showed that Americans are growing more confident about the economy. 
 Australian terror suspect David Hicks is "teetering on the edge" of insanity because of his long stretches in solitary confinement at the U.S. naval base in Guantanamo Bay, his father said Monday after receiving a letter from the captive. 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell has been evasive about his future, skirting questions about the timing of his widely expected departure after four rough-and-tumble years as America's chief diplomat. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Charlie Manuel will be the next manager of the Philadelphia Phillies, replacing the fired Larry Bowa, baseball officials told The Associated Press on Wednesday night. 
 PortalPlayer Inc. is hoping it doesn't fall from Apple's tree. 
 Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a leading potential presidential candidate for 2006, on Saturday called for ambitious public works projects to re-ignite the Mexican economy, citing the government's responsibility to temper social inequalities. 
 Fred Couples continued his amazing run Sunday, prevailing in four playoff holes over Tiger Woods to claim the final three skins and $340,000, and win his record fifth Skins Game with a total of $640,000. 
 Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz told the Israeli Cabinet on Sunday that security officials have completed preparations for Yasser Arafat to be buried in the Gaza Strip, meeting participants said. 
 Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin expressed his "revulsion" Sunday at an increase in anti-Semitic and other hate crimes in France as he marked the 60th anniversary of the liberation of this eastern French city from Hitler's troops. 
 The European Union insisted Wednesday its antitrust case against Microsoft Corp. remains intact despite a surprise meeting called by the judge following the desertion of two of the EU's biggest allies. 
 Blackburn recovered from 3-1 down to draw 3-3 with Birmingham in the Premier League on Sunday, but stayed bottom of the standings. 
 Storms across Italy early Wednesday delayed flights, snarled traffic and left St. Mark's Square in Venice more than a meter (four feet) under water. 
 Ukraine's election commission early Wednesday postponed announcing final results from the presidential election 10 days earlier, adding to tensions over the vote count that left the Prime Minister and an opposition challenger facing a runoff. 
 Turkmenistan's president has urged government officials to make the Central Asian nation's upcoming parliamentary elections a step toward democracy. 
 European Union regulators on Tuesday approved a joint venture between Finnish food retailer Kesko Oy and ICA AB, a leading retailer in Sweden and Norway, to combine their operations in the Baltic states. 
 State Senate President Richard Codey took the oath of office as New Jersey's acting governor, a role he will assume Tuesday after Gov. James E. McGreevey's resignation becomes official. 
 Wayne Rooney and Ruud van Nistelrooy rekindled Manchester United's championship hopes in a 3-1 victory at Newcastle on Sunday. 
 A campaign raising money to save the 14th century Macclesfield Psalter _ a rare example of English medieval art _ from being sold to an American museum received a boost Friday. 
 An international humanitarian agency helped rescue 23 Indian and Bangladeshi migrants who became stranded in the Sahara desert after a failed bid to migrate to Europe. 
 Hardly anyone noticed Luke Donald sitting on a sofa Tuesday morning in the stately lobby at Sea Island Golf Club, where he faced a daylong photo shoot with a corporate sponsor. 
 The Irish Republican Army has agreed to allow two Catholic and Protestant church officials to witness the outlawed group's next act of disarmament and describe it afterward, officials in the British and Irish governments indicated Tuesday. 
 Nearly a half-century ago, Dolores Hart was a blue-eyed, blonde actress starring next to Elvis Presley in the film "Loving You." In a switch of biblical proportions, she's now the Rev. Mother Dolores Hart, prioress of a Roman Catholic abbey devoted to prayer and a 160-hectare (400-acre) farm in Bethlehem, Connecticut. 
 Top U.S. and Mexican authorities said Tuesday they had taken significant steps to increase security along their shared border, but acknowledged it is a "very attractive" possible route for terrorists wanting to harm the United States. 
 NBC Sports chairman Dick Ebersol survived a charter plane crash that killed at least two people Sunday, the U.S. television network said in a statement through its Denver affiliate KUSA-TV. 
 British pop star of the 1970s Leo Sayer said Monday he will move to Australia to restart his career in a country that respects its musical heroes. 
 Western Europe's battle against cancer-causing substances gained momentum Thursday when the 25-nation European Union ratified an international treaty banning toxic chemicals. 
 Eight river pirates were bludgeoned to death by ferry passengers after a failed robbery attempt near a northern Bangladeshi town, police said Monday. 
 Moments after surviving a horrific plane crash, Charles Ebersol frantically begged bystanders for help in rescuing his younger brother from the wreckage: "Can you please help get him out?'" the 21-year-old college student was quoted as saying. 
 Colombia's new army chief said Thursday the government is winning in its offensive against Marxist rebels in their jungle strongholds. 
 Union leaders representing about 4,000 United Nations employees in Geneva on Monday expressed full confidence in U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, but backed the union's New York branch in strongly criticizing the world body's senior management. 
 President Lucio Gutierrez on Wednesday canceled a trip to Brazil for a summit of Latin American leaders, devoting his time to pressing matters at home including attempts by opponents to seek his impeachment, the government announced. 
 Italy is willing to bid for the 2012 European Championship depending on government funds for improving stadiums. 
 Portraits of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il are being removed from buildings in the country, the ITAR-Tass news agency reported Tuesday, citing an unidentified diplomat. 
 Ukraine's opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko said Tuesday that he is the real winner of the country's presidential election and called for international recognition. 
 A Hong Kong coroner's court cleared hospital officials of responsibility in the deaths of six health care workers from SARS last year, a court official said. 
 Jamaica's lower house of parliament approved a measure to apply an entry tax on tourists despite objections from opposition legislators that the move will deter travel to the Caribbean island. 
 A lion attacked a man who jumped into the animal's enclosure and shouted "Jesus will save you!" at the big cat Wednesday at the zoo in Taiwan's capital. 
 Britain's Prince Edward toured areas battered by Hurricane Ivan on Friday while Grenada's prime minister appealed for more aid, saying the disaster had reversed expectations of economic growth in the Caribbean country. 
 Crude futures fell again Monday, extending a decline over the past two weeks on the belief that rising U.S. oil supplies will meet demand for the Northern Hemisphere winter. 
 A Danish army captain was fined 1,000 kroner (euro135, US$173) for posing with a gun pointed at a fellow soldier with a bucket over his head in Iraq, the Danish army said Thursday. 
 A Texas company is recalling approximately 84,500 pounds (38,025 kilograms) of canned turkey luncheon meat because it may have been underprocessed, the Agriculture Department said Monday. 

 Seeking a respite from the mounting opposition pressure, outgoing President Leonid Kuchma said that a new election could be held, while Ukraine's Supreme Court was probing the validity of the bitterly disputed presidential runoff. 
 First, American comedian Jay Leno described him as Yasser "Weekend at Bernie's" Arafat _ a reference to a character in a 1989 comedy film about two men desperately trying to prop up their murdered boss to avoid being blamed for his death. 
 A U.S. general said Sunday that 31 American troops and six Iraqi soldiers have been killed so far in the battle to retake the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 Two male inmates died during a prison riot in Eastern Venezuela, an official said Tuesday. 
 The battle for which club can call itself king of Scandinavian soccer will begin Thursday, as the inaugural Royal League kicks off in Sweden, Denmark and Norway. 
 China plans to let foreign companies take stakes in local television production companies, in a move that will give international media better access to the world's biggest market. 
 Vanuatu is granting diplomatic recognition to Taiwan, an official of the Pacific nation said Monday, after days of conflicting signals about the move. Taiwan has pledged US$6 billion (euros 4.6 billion) for Vanuatu's economy, the official said. 
 Oil futures prices sank to their lowest level in nearly a month Monday on a continuation of the selloff sparked last week by rising U.S. supplies of crude and easing fears about the refining industry's ability to satisfy heating oil demand. 
 A federal study has lowered the number of flights that Chicago's O'Hare International Airport can handle without creating gridlock. At the same time, 37 daily flights were cut as a deal with the airlines went into effect. 
 Rescuers failed as daylight ended Sunday to find a helicopter that went missing the day before with six aboard in harsh weather in the Russian Far East, ITAR-Tass news agency said. 
 Senior government officials from across southeastern Europe met with business leaders in the Bulgarian capital on Tuesday to try to attract foreign investment and promote business in their impoverished countries. 
 David Beckham should be ready to play this weekend for Real Madrid after missing a month with two cracked ribs. 
 The head of Russia's security council told Iran Thursday that Russia would continue helping Iran carry out peaceful nuclear power projects, Russian news agencies reported. 
 The mother adjusted her headscarf and gazed wearily at her daughters' elementary school, one of many Islamic sites targeted in firebomb attacks in the days after the slaying of a Dutch filmmaker, allegedly by a Muslim radical. 
 Olympic champion Roland Schoeman won two races Friday, including the 100-meter freestyle in an African record time, to open swimming's World Cup season at the King's Park Aquatic Center. 
 Scotland's Scott Drummond has been named the PGA European Tour's rookie of the year. 
 The Dutch prime minister visited a Turkish mosque in the city of Eindhoven Sunday in a show of solidarity after a wave of attacks on Muslim buildings in the Netherlands. 
 New Zealand's 2003 Rugby World Cup captain Reuben Thorne flew out of Auckland on Wednesday to join the All Blacks in Rome as a cover for injured lock/flanker Jono Gibbes, a New Zealand Rugby Union spokesman said. 
 An Iraqi security official for the holy city of Najaf and four of his guards were slightly wounded when a roadside bomb exploded Saturday morning as they were traveling in a convoy, one of the guards said. 
 Crude-oil futures declined Thursday, even as heating oil rallied for a second straight session. 
 A 70-0 beating of Canada was effectively a warmup for new England coach Andy Robinson. Now Clive Woodward's successor has a real challenge when Tri Nations champion South Africa returns to Twickenham to make up for a 53-3 loss two years ago. 
 Militants using Kalashnikov rifles and rocket-propelled grenades stormed two police stations Tuesday near the central Iraqi town of Baqouba, wounding 18 people, police and hospital officials said. 
 Cooler air will cover Morocco to western Libya on Sunday. 
 At least 25,000 protesters marched through downtown Santiago Friday, expressing outrage at a weekend summit of Pacific Rim leaders _ particularly U.S. President George W. Bush. 
 President George W. Bush has selected Condoleezza Rice, his national security adviser and trusted confidant, to replace Colin Powell as secretary of state, officials said, in a major shakeup of the president's national security team. Three other Cabinet secretaries also resigned. 
 What ails Viktor Yushchenko? 
 Japan and North Korea will hold talks in Pyongyang next week to discuss a dispute over Japanese nationals abducted by the communist nation's spies, officials said Tuesday. 
 Serbia's government is "doing everything" to persuade war crimes suspects to surrender to the U.N. war crimes tribunal, the republic's justice minister said Tuesday. 
 Vice President Dick Cheney, who has a history of heart trouble, went to a hospital Saturday after experiencing shortness of breath. Two tests found no abnormalities, an aide said, and Cheney left after three hours. 
 John Ruiz's defense of his WBA heavyweight boxing title against Andrew Golota has the potential to be very ugly in a heavyweight extravaganza at Madison Square Garden on Saturday. 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell on Thursday posted a $5 million reward for information leading to the capture of Mustafa Setmariam Nasar, an al-Qaida operative who ran a terrorist training camp in Afghanistan. 
 A U.S.-based Jewish human rights group on Tuesday called for investigations into claims that North Korea conducted gas chamber experiments on political prisoners. 
 British Cabinet minister Peter Hain on Friday leaves for New Zealand, where he will meet Prime Minister Helen Clark _ once a fellow activist in the international campaign to end apartheid in South Africa. 
 John Drew Barrymore, the troubled heir to an acting dynasty and the father of movie star Drew Barrymore, died Monday. He was 72. 
 President George W. Bush led the United States into a quagmire in Iraq as he was dazzled by the country's "black gold," Osama bin Laden said in the full 18 minutes of his video, of which only excerpts have been broadcast on TV. 
 The food at the Federal Corrections Camp in Alderson, West Virginia, apparently is nothing to write home about _ unless one is eating it with Martha Stewart. 
 A wildcat strike by 1,300 bus drivers in the southern region around the capital that started last week threatened to widen on Friday as truck drivers and air transport workers pledged to join next week. 
 Religious leaders in India are being urged to educate their followers on the dangers of HIV/AIDS to prevent its spread and to reduce the stigma attached to the deadly virus. 
 Stocks barely budged Tuesday while investors awaited the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates and while they digested troubling developments at insurance broker Marsh & McLennan Cos. and drugmaker Merck & Co. 
 A portly Shiite cleric, Abu Qusai sheds his black robe for a training suit and exchanges his white turban for a baseball cap, an effort to mask his identity for a risky trip through what has become known as the "triangle of death." 
 The armed Basque separatist group ETA has pledged to continue attacks against Spanish security forces, dashing hopes once again that it might end its violent campaign, news reports said Tuesday. 
 Nicaragua's defense minister criticized Friday a law that would require the president to seek congressional approval before destroying hundreds of Sam-7 surface-to-air missiles, as the United States has asked. 
 England captain Michael Vaughan won the toss and put Zimbabwe in to bat Sunday at Harare Sports Club in the first of four one-day internationals. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange closed marginally higher on Tuesday. 
 Nina Kraft, winner of last month's Hawaii Ironman competition, acknowledged Thursday that she had used the banned endurance-boosting drug EPO. 
 During long years of war and severe poverty in Vietnam, milk and meat were true luxuries only the rich could afford. 
 A former Gambian attorney general was sworn in Monday as deputy prosecutor at the International Criminal Court. 
 A Tennessee jury on Tuesday ordered DaimlerChrysler AG to pay more than $105 million (euro80 million), saying the company's minivan seats were unsafe and led to a baby's death in a car crash. 
 Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Cos., Exxon Mobil Corp. and the Dutch government struck a deal Monday giving the Netherlands _ the third-largest gas producer in Europe _ more control of the Dutch gas company Gasunie. 
 The Pakistan Cricket Board on Sunday signed 17 of its top players to the governing body's first ever central contracts, while fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar declined the offer. 
 Sri Lanka will not descend into civil war, the government said Sunday, despite an apparent threat from a top Tamil Tiger rebel leader to revive an armed struggle unless stalled peace talks quickly resume. 
 A Malaysian man must pay film studios $23.8 million for running a Web site that allowed paying members to watch pirated movies, the Motion Picture Association said. 
 For a man whose first name means blessed, Barack Obama has truly had a blessed year. 
 Gold opened at US$438.05 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$1.80 an ounce from Friday's close of US$436.25. 
 The leading sponsors of the "road map" peace plan will send top officials to the West Bank next week in a renewed effort to revive the internationally backed peace plan, Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said Thursday. 
 A gunbattle between police and rebels in a central Iraqi town left one fighter dead, while a search operation netted four suspected insurgents and a weapons cache, police said Tuesday. 
 The lower House of Congress sent the federal budget that the Treasury Department has declared unworkable to President Vicente Fox on Monday night. The president has vowed to legally challenge it. 
 Suspected Islamic militants attacked a paramilitary camp early Saturday in Indian-controlled Kashmir, killing a soldier and injuring four others, police said. One of the militants was also killed. 
 Museums were closed, driving tests disrupted and ministerial cars went unwashed Friday when British civil servants staged their biggest strike in more than a decade. 
 Southeast Asia's annual get-together will address key threats to the region's prosperity: Muslim insurgencies, diseases, the flight of foreign investment to China and international concern over Myanmar's stalled moves toward democracy. 
 Offering a reprieve from the looming threat of sanctions, the United Nations will send a high-level mission to Myanmar to give its ruling military junta one last chance to show willingness to eliminate forced labor, the world body's labor agency said Friday. 
 Nearly 40,000 of India's half million troops in Kashmir will be redeployed to boost peace talks with Pakistan, a news report said Monday, a year after the two rivals agreed to a truce and amid a decline in separatist violence. 
 The Palestinian leadership met Wednesday to discuss arrangements for the funeral of Yasser Arafat, who remained in a deep coma in a Paris hospital, officials said. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Saturday's Round 10 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 Lawyers for former chess champion Bobby Fischer and the government exchanged documents Tuesday in the first court hearing on his legal battle against deportation to the United States. 
 More than 300 bird species in Asia are threatened with extinction due to logging, farming and development, conservationists said Thursday at an international meeting. 
 Canada's prime minister urged rival groups to disarm and political factions to settle differences so the poorest nation in the Western hemisphere can make the best use of international aid. 
 A small boat carrying would-be immigrants across the Mediterranean capsized south of the island of Malta, and rescuers have not found any survivors, an official said Sunday. 
 U.S. Marines and Iraqi National Guardsmen captured 18 suspected insurgents Saturday and seized weapons and munitions during raids south of Baghdad, the U.S. military reported. 
 A fight breaks out, and even though people at the far side of the crowd can't see what's going on, they are immediately on edge. 
 Maybe Massimo Maccarone should have stayed with Middlesbrough after all. 
 Police chiefs in two major Iraqi cities were fired Friday amid a spike in insurgent activity as U.S. and Iraqi government forces press their attacks against rebel holdouts in Fallujah, officials said. 
 Two leaders of Japan's ruling coalition expressed support Wednesday for keeping Japanese troops in Iraq past their December deadline as long the security situation doesn't deteriorate in the region around their camp. 
 Hungary won't be able to adopt the euro at its current target date of 2010 unless stricter economic policies are introduced, the head of the central bank said Tuesday. 
 Hard-line students burned U.S. flags Wednesday and effigies of U.S. President George W. Bush to mark the 25th anniversary of the takeover of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran, while Iranian officials accused Washington of undermining Iranian goodwill gestures for better ties. 
 Attackers on Friday blew up a police station and detention center in a city west of Mosul after ordering police and prisoners out, a hospital official said. 
 An explosion tore through a coal mine in central China on Thursday, killing 27 workers, the government said. 
 A woman who fumbled a few phrases of Mexico's national anthem while singing the song before a soccer game in Guadalajara has been fined US$40(euro31) for the blunder. 
 U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova avoided a second-set collapse and held on to defeat Russian countrywoman Vera Zvonareva 6-2, 6-4 in the WTA Championships on Wednesday night. 
 President Jacques Chirac will visit Libya next week, his office said in a statement Monday, making him the latest European leader to visit a country that had long been viewed as a rogue state. 
 Results of recent polls on the presidential race. Listed above each set of results is the name of the organization that conducted the poll, the dates, the number interviewed, whether they were adults, registered voters (RV) or likely voters (LV) and the margin of error (MoE). Results might not total 100 percent because of rounding. 
 German actor and director Helmut Griem, who starred in the Oscar-winning 1972 film "Cabaret," died Friday, a Munich theater said. He was 72. 
 The NHL players' union is answering the league's hard stance with one of its own, offering little hope for resolution of the lockout that threatens to wipe out the entire season. 
 An armed gang attacked landless farmworkers occupying a ranch in southeastern Brazil, killing five and wounding 10, police said Sunday. 
 Nigeria's main labor union on Monday indefinitely suspended a looming nationwide strike that had threatened to shut down the oil industry in the world's No. 7 exporter. 
 An all-party forum to discuss Sri Lanka's stalled peace process faltered on its first day Monday when three main opposition parties, including one considered a proxy for the Tamil Tiger rebels, boycotted the event. 
 Chinese President Hu Jintao joined U.S. President George W. Bush, Vladimir Putin of Russia and other Pacific Rim leaders in donning woolly Chilean ponchos for Sunday's group photo. 
 Pakistan's prime minister plans to discuss the territorial dispute with India over Kashmir along with other pending issues when he meets his Indian counterpart during a visit to New Delhi next week. 
 The U.N. nuclear watchdog agency said it was ready to monitor a deal negotiated by European nations for Iran to suspend all uranium enrichment within a week. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange closed higher Thursday. 
 Senegal World Cup star El-Hadji Diouf has been fined two weeks wages by his club, Bolton Wanderers, for spitting in the face of an opponent on Saturday. 
 With the government poised to privatize its tobacco monopoly, more than 1,000 company workers protested Friday against unpaid wages and planned factory shutdowns. 
 Pakistan's prime minister says he plans to discuss the territorial dispute with India over Kashmir when he meets his Indian counterpart during a visit to New Delhi next week. 
 Italy faced a standstill Tuesday due to a general strike against government economic policy and budget plans, with offices and transport grinding to a halt across the country. 
 U.S. farm exports will plunge by 10 percent to just over $56 billion (euro43 billion) in 2005 as soaring crop production around the world lowers prices and results in greater competition for U.S. farmers, the Agriculture Department predicted. 
 The state's medical quality board has accused a physician of giving outdated flu vaccine to 55 patients. 
 A handful of Polish women and children in Iraq who accepted a government offer to return home flew back from Baghdad on Friday, a Polish official said. 
 Holding company IFIL SpA said Friday it will sell the foods division of retailer La Rinascente SpA to French supermarket retailer Auchan in a deal worth euro1.06 billion (US$1.36 billion). 
 U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan's decision to overrule an internal finding that the world body's refugee chief sexually harassed an employee was not a contradiction, a United Nations official said. 
 Moldova has made some economic progress, but the government must speed up structural reforms in order to regain access to foreign loans, an International Monetary Fund official said Wednesday. 
 A senior U.S. diplomat on Wednesday dismissed charges that recent U.S. actions against Chinese imports were protectionism, saying his country's huge trade deficit with China shows mainland goods have good access to America. 
 A year ago, England's rugby team reached unprecedented heights with a historic first World Cup triumph that had 750,000 jamming central London for their victory parade. 
 Sampling of reaction to the racist abuse by Spanish fans of England's black players in Wednesday night's friendly in Madrid: 
 The NBA suspended Milwaukee Bucks forward Marcus Fizer on Tuesday for one game following his guilty plea on a gun charge. 
 Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych led the high-tension presidential race in this post-Soviet republic with about 48 percent of the vote, not enough for a first-round victory, the Central Elections Commission said early Monday. 
 The opposition Civic Democratic Party called Monday for early parliamentary elections following its landslide victory in Senate elections held over the weekend. 
 A former nurse who admitted killing 17 patients at hospitals in two states must attend a sentencing hearing where he will face the families of six of his alleged victims, a judge ruled. 
 Australia delayed announcing its squad for the first cricket test against New Zealand next week and Kiwi skipper Stephen Fleming delayed his arrival in Sydney due to illness. 
 A group of dissidents urged the European Union to maintain current sanctions against Cuba's communist government, two days before a debate in Brussels to decide future policy toward the Caribbean island. 
 Fast bowling great Dennis Lillee has cut ties with Australia's Cricket Academy after failing to come to terms on a new coaching contract. 
 Ukraine's opposition leader and the top contender for the presidency accused the government on Friday of massive election fraud during the hotly contested first round of the country's presidential election. 
 France has proof that some of its citizens were raped during rioting in the Ivory Coast and plans to take action against the attackers, the foreign minister said Saturday. 
 Ireland should give greater rights to homosexual couples but any moves to legalize gay marriage are "a long way off," Prime Minister Bertie Ahern said. 
 Real Madrid came back from two goals down to salvage a 2-2 draw against Dynamo Kiev in their Champions League match Wednesday, leaving Group B wide open with two matches remaining. 
 Two men, missing for over a month before their bodies were found in a well in one of Harare's up-market suburbs, have been identified as British, an embassy spokeswoman said Friday. 
 Three clerics fron an influential Sunni Muslim scholars group were arrested by Iraqi security forces, along with nearly 20 of their followers in raids on mosques in and south of Baghdad, the group said Saturday. 
 A judge has ruled in favor of "NBC Nightly News" anchor Tom Brokaw in his attempt to keep an outfitter from bringing more big-game hunters on land bordering the newsman's ranch. 
 Nokia Corp., the world's largest mobile phone maker, plans to bring 40 new handsets to the market next year as it seeks to expand its already dominant market share amid increased competition from rivals Motorola Inc., Samsung Electronics Co. and Sony Ericsson. 
 The Supreme Court said Monday it will decide whether local governments can be sued for failing to enforce restraining orders, using the case of a Colorado mother whose three daughters were killed by their father. 
 An influential bishop on Tuesday accused the leadership of Romania's Orthodox Church of getting involved in politics at the start of a fiercely contested presidential campaign. 
 Mortar rounds hit a residential neighborhood on Saturday, killing two children and injuring eight people, police said. 
 Thousands of supporters of Abkhazia's opposition presidential candidate seized the office of the outgoing president Friday, as tensions again spiked in the breakaway Georgian region nearly six weeks after a disputed _ and still unresolved _ election. 
 American and Afghan forces searching for three kidnapped U.N. workers smashed their way into houses in downtown Kabul Monday, officials and witnesses said. 
 Teachers across Bulgaria went on strike Friday to demand higher wages and an increase of budget funding for education. 
 Manchester City midfielder Claudio Reyna returned to training Thursday and may be fit to play against Blackburn Rovers _ and countryman Brad Friedel _ this weekend. 
 European officials are increasingly alarmed by the U.S. dollar's slump against the euro _ but they aren't likely to get help from the United States or Asian countries at the G-20 meeting of industrial and developing countries. 
 Iran agreed not to test any centrifuges as part of a total suspension of nuclear activities that can yield weapons-grade uranium, clearing the way for the U.N. nuclear agency on Monday to bring an end to a dispute that had threatened to go all the way to the U.N. Security Council. 
 A New Zealand wine company is targeting Sydney's gay community with a pink wine called "Pansy" _ a word often considered a derogatory term for gay men. 
 Colorado sent Democrat Ken Salazar to the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, making him the first Hispanic senator in more than a quarter century. 
 Jiri Novak's patience finally paid off. 
 India's defense minister held talks in Warsaw on Tuesday to explore the possibility of purchasing Polish military equipment for his country as the two countries strengthen defense cooperation. 
 The U.N. human rights investigator on Myanmar offered a pessimistic view of the country's chances for political reform, saying Monday he saw no sign that leaders there are interested in democracy. 
 Egypt's president said his country is willing to host a funeral for Yasser Arafat, Yemen's leader said in a statement carried by the state-run Yemeni news agency Wednesday. 
 The Belarusian prime minister met his Vietnamese counterpart in Hanoi on Monday during a visit aimed at boosting ties between the two countries. 
 Namibians will choose the successor to the only leader they have known when they vote Monday and Tuesday in presidential and parliamentary elections. 
 Thousands of red locusts swarmed into southern Israel on Friday, threatening the region's agriculture with a biblical-like plague. 
 A jailed Mafia leader directed extortion rackets from behind bars by smuggling out messages in his dirty laundry, prosecutors claimed Monday. 
 South African skipper Graeme Smith elected to bat first after winning the toss Sunday in the second test match against India at Calcutta's Eden Gardens. 
 A witness testifying Tuesday in the trial of the alleged assassins of Zoran Djindjic said he saw three men flee the building from which two sniper shots were allegedly fired at Serbia's pro-Western prime minister. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair faced fresh accusations Wednesday that he misled Britain about the case for war in Iraq, as lawmakers stepped up their campaign to have him impeached. 
 Iraqi commandos backed by U.S. forces raided a hospital in northern Mosul allegedly used by insurgents, detaining three people overnight, as Iraqi forces elsewhere in the city fought off militants, killing 15 and capturing 10 others, Iraqi officials and U.S. military said Friday. 
 Israel was signaling flexibility and openness toward the emerging new Palestinian leadership Friday, with a top adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon saying peace talks could resume if the Palestinians showed some good will. 
 The Women's Australian Open golf tournament has been scrapped from its scheduled dates in February 2005 due to a lack of television broadcaster, officials said Wednesday. 
 Fourteen people were killed and 23 others injured when a bus collided with a truck in the Algerian desert, authorities said Sunday. 
 Asian stock markets closed generally mixed Friday, with the key index edging marginally higher in Tokyo but slipping in Hong Kong. 
 Sweden included 17 NHL players on the roster for the upcoming Karjala Tournament, but left out star forward Peter Forsberg, who declined the invitation to play, citing fatigue. 
 South Africa's Ryk Neethling finished first in the 50-meter butterfly and the 200-meter freestyle Saturday to win two events for the second night in a row at a World Cup short-course swim meet at the Melbourne Sports and Aquatic Center. 
 Virender Sehwag slammed his eighth test hundred and shared a 218-run opening stand with Gautam Gambhir as India reached 401 for four at stumps Tuesday and the first cricket test against South Africa headed toward a draw. 
 Frederic Franklin, a ballet dancer still on the stage at age 90, said Tuesday it was the "most wonderful day of my life" as he received an honor from Queen Elizabeth II. 
 The blond hair is going gray, but the man who shot President Ronald Reagan still looks much as he did 23 years ago. His lawyer argued Monday that John Hinckley is a changed man, however, and ready to live part-time away from the mental hospital where he has been confined since shortly after the failed assassination attempt in 1981. 
 Steadying oil prices and lower-than-expected unemployment claims cheered Wall Street Wednesday, pushing stocks higher in light pre-holiday trading. 
 The government must do more to secure the release of four Britons detained as terror suspects in Guantanamo Bay, supporters of the detainees said Sunday. 
 Miroslav Klose came off the bench to score twice and be named man of the match in Germany's 3-0 win over Cameroon. He's determined that a groin injury won't force him to miss Werder Bremen's important trip to Arminia Bielefeld in the Bundesliga. 
 A powerful 6.9-magnitude earthquake shook the Solomon Islands early Wednesday, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries in the impoverished South Pacific nation. 
 One hundred prospective jurors have passed muster for further questioning in the Robert Blake murder trial, but the judge summoned another 50 prospects Tuesday to ensure a large enough jury pool. 
 The widow of actor Denholm Elliott on Thursday accepted undisclosed libel damages from a tabloid newspaper that claimed her daughter committed suicide because she was neglected by her family. 
 Republicans tightened their grip on the Senate early Wednesday, dealing a crushing defeat to Democratic Leader Tom Daschle in South Dakota and capturing a string of seats across the South. 
 Crude oil prices rose Friday as traders took stock of falling U.S. distillate supplies and a stepped-up offensive in the criminal probe of Russian oil giant OAO Yukos that threatens to shut down the company. 
 Olympic champion Argentina will kick off next year's Confederations Cup, the dress rehearsal for the 2006 World Cup, against African champion Tunisia, according to Monday's draw. 
 The Italian Cup furthered its reputation as a low priority for many clubs, with several teams announcing they will field second-level teams for their first-leg matches of the third round. 
 Five prominent civic groups on Tuesday called on the European Union's enlargement commissioner to clarify recent statements that Romania is set to wrap up accession talks days ahead of closely contested elections. 
 Angry Palestinian refugees took to the streets of the Arab world Thursday, firing shots, burning American and Israeli flags and weeping in a display of emotion over the death of Yasser Arafat. Young Palestinian refugees brandished toy machine-guns in a Jordanian camp, signaling their fight for independence will continue. 
 Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan signed a declaration of friendship Friday and pledged to boost trade, rekindling ties strained in 2002 when Turkmen officials accused their Central Asian neighbor of involvement in an alleged assassination plot against their president. 
 Expectations for the yuan's future value surged to a seven-month high against the U.S. dollar Friday on speculation that China may be preparing to loosen tight currency controls. 
 The government will lift flight restrictions to Grand Cayman on Nov. 20, fully opening the island to tourism more than two months after Hurricane Ivan devastated it, officials said. 
 Pakistan skipper Inzamamul-ul-Haq is confident his team can beat India in its own backyard and exact some revenge after losing a home limited-over series against its archrival neighbor earlier this year. 
 U.S. Marine engineers began assessing damage in Fallujah on Monday, driving through tableaux of devastation as huge explosions shook the city and the belching whir of a U.S. warplane's machine guns sounded overhead while troops fought with holdout insurgents. 
 Israeli troops shot dead two Palestinian gunmen after coming under attack in the northern Gaza Strip on Wednesday, the army said. 
 An Australian army officer safely landed a British helicopter in Iraq after its pilot was hit by gunfire this week, the defense department said Friday. 
 Lille rallied to draw 1-1 at Lens on Saturday, missing a chance to close in on French first division leader Lyon. 
 A Monaco-based investment fund has threatened to take South Korea's largest oil company to court to remove its chairman following his conviction for fraud. 
 A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit that accused the Walt Disney Co. of stealing the idea for the World Showcase section of its Epcot theme park. 
 A Texas prison inmate was executed for fatally shooting a man who tried to stop a robber in a convenience store holdup 10 years ago. 
 Blaming Yasser Arafat for global terrorism and the failure to achieve Middle East peace, an Israeli Cabinet minister expressed hope Thursday that a new Palestinian leadership would put down militant groups and negotiate with Israel. 
 With his team riding high in third place in the Premier League, Everton manager David Moyes signed a new contract Friday to keep him at the club until 2009. 
 The body of a Japanese hostage decapitated by militants in Iraq was flown out of Kuwait Tuesday evening en route home, a Japanese diplomat said. 
 A top Chechen security official said Sunday that rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov is ready to give up his separatist fight and is trying to make contact with a regional governor to discuss his surrender, the Interfax news agency reported. 
 Marco Antonio Barrera won a majority decision against Erik Morales to take the WBC super featherweight title in another classic wild slugfest between the Mexican warriors on Saturday. 
 Federal agents on Thursday detained an Uzbek man they said was a leader of the banned Islamic group Hizb ut-Tahrir, an organization Russian and Uzbek authorities allege has ties to international terrorist groups. 
 Japan plans extensive talks with Britain about providing protection next year for Japanese non-combat troops stationed in southern Iraq, Japan's defense minister said Tuesday. 
 Nearly 150 Western nationals evacuated from Ivory Coast were brought to Germany on Saturday by an air force plane, the Defense Ministry said. 
 Nicolas Sarkozy, one of France's most ambitious and visible politicians _ and an in-house rival of President Jacques Chirac _ moved to the helm of the president's party Sunday, a perfect podium for him to bid for the presidency in 2007. 
 The powerful central committee of the ruling Palestinian Fatah party on Thursday urged parliament to complete its draft elections law quickly so that local and parliamentary elections can be held by the end of June 2005. 
 They help predict the path of weather halfway around the world or in space, shed light on the death of dinosaurs and train pilots to fly in Alaska. They're supercomputers, capable of high-speed calculations that would take people trillions of years to do. 
 In a Nov. 15 story about Italians learning English, The Associated Press incorrectly reported the percentage of Cypriots who speak English as a second language. The correct figure is 57 percent, not 27 percent. 
 The president of the U.N. war crimes tribunal on Friday urged Croatia to capture and extradite a fugitive general suspected of wartime atrocities before a Nov. 23 deadline. 
 More than 5,500 residents of St. Croix, the largest of the U.S. Virgin Islands, have signed a petition asking Congress to make the island its own U.S. territory separate from St. Thomas and St. John. 
 A powerful early-morning earthquake shook presidents and prime ministers from their beds on Saturday while damaging houses and frightening several people into heart attacks. 
 Three Diyala provincial officials were shot down Sunday by unknown assailants as they were on their way to a funeral for a fourth colleague killed earlier in the week, Iraqi officials said. 
 England rugby coach Andy Robinson has named an unchanged team to play Australia on Saturday, keeping faith with the lineup that defeated South Africa. 
 Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu, facing a suspension after testing positive for drug use, is missing from Romania's roster for the upcoming World Cup Group 1 qualifier against Armenia. 
 The death toll from a fire at a building in the Siberian region of Tuva rose to 25, emergency officials said Thursday 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is tired of talking about his team's 2-0 loss to Manchester United eight days ago. Reds counterpart Alex Ferguson won't let the subject go. 
 Skipper Sourav Ganguly and pace bowler Irfan Pathan were included Saturday in India's cricket squad for the first test match against South Africa, after recovering from injuries that curtained their appearance in the recent series against Australia. 
 Hungary's candidate to sit on the European Union's executive office denied allegations Tuesday he was involved in Communist militias or the regime that ruled Hungary for over 40 years until 1989. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu overpowered Tochinonada on Sunday while local favorite Kaio was upset on the first day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Georgia on Tuesday accused Russia of interfering in its internal affairs, citing a visit to Moscow by two rival presidential candidates in the breakaway Georgian province of Abkhazia. 
 The Icelandic banking group Islandsbanki on Monday made a bid for Norway's fourth-largest commercial bank, BNbank, as part of a drive to move into the Norwegian market. 
 Musicians in the Chicago Symphony Orchestra approved a three-year labor contract that provides a raise after a year but grants concessions on benefits, officials said. 
 Police on the island of Crete launched an investigation Wednesday after 75 immigrants escaped from a hotel where they had been temporarily housed after being detained for illegally entering Greece. 
 Two young sisters drowned Saturday when the utility vehicle they were traveling in was swept from a causeway into a flooded creek in eastern Australia, police said. 
 A Swiss lawyer, who was detained on suspicion of bribery and money laundering in South Korea and then deported to the United States, has returned home, his lawyer said Tuesday. 
 Vietnam executed a woman convicted of circulating counterfeit Vietnamese currency, an official said Wednesday. 
 A 19-year-old man accused of planning to supply a Somalian terrorist group with night vision goggles and bullet proof vests was arrested crossing into El Paso from Mexico. 
 A car bomb exploded Sunday in western Baghdad, killing one U.S. soldier and wounding four others, the U.S. military said. 
 Gold closed at US$446.75 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$3.20 an ounce from Friday's close of US$443.55. 
 Several thousand homes were flooded in Athens Monday following heavy overnight rainfall which also seriously disrupted traffic and overturned dozens of vehicles, authorities said. 
 Crude futures eased slightly Monday in light trade as traders looked toward another expected build in U.S. crude stocks, shrugging off another attack on oil fields in Iraq and a looming strike in Africa's largest exporter Nigeria. 
 Last week's U.S. presidential election has been described by many as one in which morality mattered most to voters. But that perception may be driven at least partially by how pollsters asked voters about their priority issues. 
 British Prime Minister Tony Blair extended his "deepest sympathy" Friday to the families of three British soldiers killed in a suicide attack in Iraq, but reiterated the international community must continue to support a transition to democracy in the country. 
 A hardline ally of former Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic on Wednesday congratulated Ukraine's pro-Russian prime minister on his "election victory" in the country's disputed presidential vote. 
 President Bush nominated White House counsel Alberto Gonzales, who helped shape the administration's controversial legal strategy in the war on terror, to be attorney general. He would be the first Hispanic ever to serve as the nation's top law enforcement officer. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's call for a new Mideast peace push "was heard loud and clear in Washington," former U.S. President George H.W. Bush said in comments broadcast Sunday. 
 Russia formally notified the United Nations on Thursday of its acceptance of the Kyoto Protocol on global warming, starting a three-month countdown for the long-debated 1997 pact to come into force. 
 Chelsea winger Arjen Robben is back in the Dutch national squad ahead of next week's World Cup qualifying match with Andorra. 
 Exit polls show Romania's ruling party leading in parliamentary elections, but forced into a runoff in the race for president. 
 The U.S. dollar was mixed against other major currencies in European trading Friday. Gold prices rose. 
 Poland and Slovakia remain committed to keeping troops in Iraq, leaders of both countries said Thursday after Hungary decided this week to withdraw its 300 soldiers. 
 Californians have passed a $3 billion (euro2.4 billion) bond measure that represents a rejection of Bush administration policy and will put the state on the forefront of stem cell research. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing a string of Democratic seats across the South. Democratic leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 Five police officers were charged with dangerous driving Friday for being part of a high-speed motorcade that whisked New Zealand's prime minister to an airport so she could catch a plane to watch a rugby match. 
 The family of Margaret Hassan, a 59-year-old aid worker abducted in Iraq last month, said Tuesday they believed she was dead. 
 Kyrgyzstan's intelligence agency on Friday warned of a growing terrorist threat in Central Asia from religious extremists, who have been blamed for a series of attacks across the region. 
 One of the last surviving members of Myanmar's "Thirty Comrades" independence heroes has died. Bohmu Aung was 95. 
 The alleged leader of an Islamic terrorist group suspected of plotting to bomb a Spanish court planned a series of robberies in Switzerland to finance the attack, a newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 Actor Karl Malden, who won an Oscar for his performance in the 1951 film "A Streetcar Named Desire," has received the Monte Cristo Award for his lifetime of stage work. 
 Austrian bishops want a ban on Sunday shopping to be included in the constitution, a news agency reported Thursday. 
 Slovak Foreign Minister Eduard Kukan said Wednesday that relations between his country and the United States will remain very good regardless of who wins the presidential election there. 
 Richard Petty bundled up tight in a long black coat Saturday to keep the chill away as he walked to his motorhome inside Darlington Raceway. 
 As Bill Clinton's library is unveiled at a gala opening this week, one thing is certain: His messy legacy will be on full display. 
 Nokia Corp., the world's largest mobile phone maker, plans to shut down its Florida phone refurbishing plant by September 2005 and cut 400 jobs. 
 President George W. Bush won four more years in the White House on Wednesday, pocketing a public concession from Democrat John Kerry that closed out a loud and long campaign fought over the war on terror and the economy. 
 World leaders lavished praise on Colin Powell as he stepped down as U.S. secretary of state, hailing his efforts to build international consensus and pledging to work closely with his replacement. 
 India discard Dinesh Mongia slammed an unbeaten century Monday as the Indian Board President's XI scored 320 for five on the second day of South Africa's three-day tour opener. 
 A powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 struck Japan's northern island of Hokkaido early Monday, swaying buildings, throwing objects off shelves and triggering a small tsunami wave that reached the shore. 
 Environmental group the Sierra Club alleges in a lawsuit that President George W. Bush's administration changed a rule so oil and gas producers could more easily drill under national parks from outside their boundaries. 
 Kenny Chesney waited 12 years to win a Country Music Association award _ but had less than two minutes to give his acceptance speech. 
 European stocks were flat to lower Monday in a lackluster start to the week as the U.S. dollar plumbed new lows against the euro, prompting worries over the outlook for profits among the region's leading exporters. 
 India will give Guyana US$25 million (euro19.2 million) in grants and loans to build a 20,000-seat stadium for the 2007 Cricket World Cup. 
 Western companies will increasingly outsource to India despite efforts to block the practice, a European official said Thursday ahead of an EU-India summit where the two sides are poised to agree on bolstering their trade and diplomatic partnership. 
 A former girlfriend of Burt Reynolds has sued the "Cannonball Run" actor for abuse and broken promises _ just one day after he sued her on grounds that she was threatening to falsely accuse him. 
 The Iraqi government Sunday declared a state of emergency for 60 days throughout the country except for Kurdish-run areas of the north as U.S. and Iraqi forces prepare for an expected all-out assault on rebels in Fallujah. 
 A top World Bank official on Wednesday urged Kyrgyzstan to fight corruption to improve its economy. 
 A tunnel used by Palestinian weapons smugglers along the Egyptian border collapsed on Thursday, burying three people inside, Palestinian and Israeli military officials said. 
 Gunmen kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman _ the second U.S. citizen seized this week in Baghdad _ and militants released a tape showing the beheading of an Iraqi officer as a warning to those who deal with "the infidel" Americans. An unknown group claimed it beheaded three Iraqi National Guardsmen. 
 Gold bullion opened Tuesday at a bid price of US$424.80 a troy ounce, down from US$426.60 late Monday. 
 Defense Minister Jorge Uribe has been put on the defense himself amid revelations about his personal relationship with a jailed, female drug trafficker who is nearly 30 years his junior. 
 A polyester mesh stocking pulled up over the wide bottom of a weak heart can help it pump better and even shrink back to a more normal size, a study found. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday pledged to work with Washington to reinvigorate the Middle East peace process. 
 A top opposition leader in this former Soviet republic on Tuesday accused the country's communist authorities of abusing power, saying some of his aides were arrested on corruption charges he claimed were trumped up. 
 Iraqi authorities imposed the first nighttime curfew in more than a year on Baghdad and surrounding areas Tuesday in the latest use of new emergency powers, the prime minister's office said. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu overcame Tamanoshima on Thursday to maintain a perfect record and a share of the lead after the fifth day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Hungary's foreign minister said Thursday he was not optimistic lawmakers would approve a government plan to keep Hungarian troops in Iraq beyond the end of the year. 
 Mianne Bagger on Wednesday became the first transsexual golfer to qualify for the Ladies European Tour. 
 Romania's Prime Minister Adrian Nastase took possession of a Mercedes car on Thursday, after winning a bet he made with influential businessman and Romanian Olympic Committee chairman Ion Tiriac. 
 Spanish hotel group NH Hoteles said Thursday it plans to invest more than US$45 million (euro34.55 million) in Mexico over the next four years. 
 The Catholic Diocese of Tucson is placing ads in publications nationwide to notify abuse victims that they must file claims by a deadline or lose the right to seek compensation. 
 A novel set in 19th century Paraguay, a work of history about an early civil rights struggle and a children's story about a boy's religious faith were among the winners at the National Book Awards. 
 A jury of Marine Corps officers found a major guilty of maltreatment and dereliction of duty in connection with the death of an Iraqi prisoner and sentenced him to be dismissed from the service. 
 Germany beat Nigeria 5-4 on a penalty shootout after ending regulation time drawn 1-1 Sunday to advance to the FIFA Under-19 Women's World Championship semifinals. 
 Crude oil futures surged more than $1 a barrel Wednesday after the U.S. government reported that the national supply of distillate fuel, which includes heating oil, shrank for the eighth consecutive week. 
 As a Muslim and frequent flyer, businessman Syed Maswood is used to being wrongly suspected as an Islamic terrorist. He's not used to being called a U.S. spy. 
 With his post-James Bond track record, maybe Pierce Brosnan should not be so quick to say goodbye to the super spy. 
 Supporters of House Majority Leader Tom DeLay proposed a Republican rules change that would protect the Texan's leadership position if he were to be indicted by a Texas grand jury that already has charged three of his associates. 
 The U.N. war crimes tribunal has summoned a former rebel commander turned politician in Kosovo for an interview on his role during the province's war, officials said Thursday. 
 For some Middlebury College students, the hardest part about studying abroad wasn't adjusting to life in a foreign country. 
 Radio and television messages that stirred up mob anger against foreigners in Ivory Coast have given way to calls urging people to keep calm and get back to work, a U.N. spokesman said Tuesday. 
 A series of aftershocks in Indonesia's remote Papua province on Saturday hampered rescue efforts a day after a major earthquake killed at least 13 people and injured 65. 
 Shareholders of Harmony Gold Mining Co. on Friday overwhelmingly approved issuing new shares to fund the company's hostile takeover bid for Gold Fields Ltd. 
 A lesbian couple who wed in Canada will learn Tuesday whether an Irish court will hear their case to have their union legally recognized in Ireland, where homosexuality itself was outlawed until a decade ago. 
 Jordan's prime minister vowed Wednesday to help Iraq uproot terrorism and restore security as the Jordanian government announced four more Jordanian drivers have been abducted, part of a rash of kidnappings targeting foreigners working in chaotic Iraq. 
 Pope John Paul II met on Friday with the president of Portugal and said the country, of conservative Catholic traditions, could inspire hope amid a "grave crisis" of modern values. 
 Years after the end of the Balkan bloodshed, most Serbs still don't trust the U.N. war crimes tribunal and believe local courts would do a better job in trying those responsible for committing atrocities, a survey published on Thursday showed. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Sunday's Round 12 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 Six people were found dead in two deserted cars over the weekend in Japan's latest group suicides, police said Monday. 
 A refugee from Kosovo pleaded guilty to attempted rape in the case of a 15-year-old girl who said her mother sold her to be his bride for $3,000 (euro2,265). 
 President George W. Bush painted a rosy picture of the situation in Iraq, claiming significant progress Saturday in the U.S. military's battle in an insurgent stronghold. 
 Rangers beat Livingston 4-1 in the Scottish Premier League on Sunday to cut Celtic's lead to four points. 
 U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on Friday awarded bronze stars to six Salvadoran soldiers who defended a convoy in Iraq, and he praised El Salvador for being the only Latin American country to have kept troops in the wartorn nation. 
 Nina Kraft of Germany was disqualified as winner of the 2004 Ironman Triathlon World Championship because of doping, giving Natascha Badmann of Switzerland her fifth title. 
 A crowd of people angry about recent kidnappings at a local school cornered federal agents taking photos of students leaving the building and burned the officers alive Tuesday on Mexico City's southern edge, the latest example of mob justice in a country beset by corrupt police and high crimes rates. 
 Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes was confirmed Sunday as leader of the Social Democrats at the end of a three-day party congress. 
 Real Madrid striker and three-time FIFA Player of the Year Ronaldo and his girlfriend, model Daniella Cicarelli, traveled to Rome Thursday to shop for wedding clothes at Valentino's. 
 The Norwegian Embassy in Riga, Latvia, remained closed Tuesday for a second day because of an unspecified terror threat. 
 As many as three European banks may have submitted bids to purchase National Australia Bank's two units in Ireland, newspapers reported Friday. 
 Macedonia's parliament formally accept Thursday the resignation of Prime Minister Hari Kostov, who stepped down over tensions with his government's coalition partners from the country's ethnic Albanian minority. 
 Nicaraguan President Enrique Bolanos on Wednesday ordered an investigation into the shooting death of a newspaper journalist who was killed while covering election-related protests. 
 More than 400 firefighters battled a blaze Wednesday at fireworks factory that spread to 25 nearby homes and forced the evacuation of some 2,000 people in western Denmark. One firefighter was killed and six were injured, police said. 
 Turkmenistan's parliament ratified a friendship agreement with Uzbekistan on Saturday, moving to improve ties strained in 2002 when Turkmen officials accused the neighboring country of involvement in an alleged plot to assassinate their president. 
 Spain plans to ban smoking in most work places by 2006 but the measure will be optional in many bars and restaurants, the Health Ministry said Friday. 
 Intel Corp.'s chief executive on Friday said the world's largest computer chip company was not suffering from overcapacity and asserted that new areas were emerging to increase global demand for microprocessors. 
 It fell into young hands like manna from heaven _ only this was Day of the Dead bread, commemorating the annual return by souls of the deceased. 
 McDonald's is offering white bean soup on menus in Portugal as part of a pilot project that could land classic Portuguese dishes on McDonald's menus in other countries as well. 
 Birmingham City manager Steve Bruce said striker Dwight Yorke was the target of racist abuse at Sunday's Premier League game at Blackburn _ the same type of monkey taunts England players had received in Spain on Wednesday. 
 Thanks to Vijay Singh winning nine times, non-American players established a PGA Tour record by winning more than half of the year's tournaments. 
 Akinori Otsuka made an inauspicious return to Nagoya Dome. 
 Gunmen opened fire on a Sunni Muslim mosque in the southern Pakistan city of Karachi early Wednesday, killing one worshipper and wounding two others, police said. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early victories Tuesday in a tense and testy contest between an embattled wartime incumbent and a hard-charging Democrat who blamed the incumbent for chaos in Iraq and joblessness in the United States. The president claimed an early victory in West Virginia, but higher stakes battlegrounds loomed. 
 Travelers leaving from Athens International Airport faced delays over the weekend due to an indefinite strike by air security screeners in a dispute over unpaid wages and contract improvements in job security. 
 Philip Bennett, The Washington Post's assistant managing editor for foreign news, has been named the newspaper's new managing editor. 
 Yearly flu shots significantly reduce deaths from all causes in people 65 and older, Dutch researchers found in a study that underscores the seriousness of this year's U.S. vaccine shortage. 
 G.I. Joe, an action-figure toy with a love-or-hate history, drew a historic salute Friday from the National Toy Hall of Fame. 
 Two teenagers were killed Sunday when a hand grenade that they were trying to smash with a stone exploded in central Turkey, the Anatolia news agency said. 
 Beavers found a bag of bills stolen from a casino, tore it open and wove the money into the sticks and brush of their dam on a creek near Baton Rouge. 
 G W D L F A Pts 
 Californians will soon see advertisements urging them to help give Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and other foreign-born citizens the chance to run for president. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $424.60 per troy ounce Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $420.00 late Tuesday. 
 DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group has sued insurers for refusing to cover losses the company sustained during the 2003 blackout. 
 Two unidentified gunmen on a motorcycle fired three shots on Sunday at the back door of the automobile of Bolivia soccer goalkeeper Leo Fernandez, who was unhurt police said. 
 With its irresistible hip-hop beats and shouted refrains, crunk music incites a fervor in fans that's reminiscent of a religious experience. 
 The moonlit view through the arched gateway, entrance to what may be the world's greatest monument to love, was enough to silence even the chattiest visitor. 
 IBF junior welterweight champion Kostya Tszyu retained his title Saturday, demolishing Sharmba Mitchell in less than three rounds of the long-awaited rematch between the former titleholders. 
 Michael Jordan's older brother is shipping out to Iraq. 
 Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo of France shook off a slow start and beat Russia's Vera Zvonareva 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 to successfully defend her Advanta Championships title for her fifth tournament victory of 2004. 
 President Vladimir Putin rejected concern that he is beating a path toward authoritarianism, calling such criticism "total nonsense" in an interview published Friday and saying Russia needs time to build democracy after centuries of heavy-handed rule. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Tuesday, but prices slipped both in Tokyo and Hong Kong on profit-taking. 
 House Republicans looked ahead Wednesday to two more years in power with an expanded majority and a president and Senate of their own political persuasion _ and held out hope of further gains in Louisiana. 
 Jimmie Johnson took advantage of a pit mistake by Jeff Gordon's team and won the final Southern 500 on Sunday, making the tightest championship chase in NASCAR history even closer with one race remaining. 
 Golf great Arnold Palmer and five-time British Open champion Peter Thomson played nine holes Wednesday in an exhibition of former Australian Open champions who, combined, had more major titles than the entire field at this week's Centenary tournament. 
 Vice President Dick Cheney, back home after a brief hospital visit, has nothing more than a bad cold and his heart is fine, his wife and an adviser said Sunday. 
 Police began taking up positions around the Athens on Tuesday, a day before the anniversary of a 1973 student revolt and annual protest march to the U.S. embassy which in the past has been marred by violence. 
 Forwards Ronaldinho and Ronaldo face each other for the first time in Saturday's eagerly anticipated league clash of Spanish giants FC Barcelona and Real Madrid, just three days after they were teammates in Brazil's shock World Cup qualifying defeat. 
 Crude oil futures prices fell sharply Tuesday on growing expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted and as union leaders canceled a strike in major exporter Nigeria. 
 Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard urged caution following an emphatic 3-0 victory over Real Madrid, maintaining the Spanish league title race is still far from decided. 
 Terrorists like those who set off bombs on Spanish commuter trains, killing 191 people, will attack again somewhere despite the best efforts by any government to safeguard its citizens, Spain's former secretary for state security said Thursday. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 105.44 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Tuesday, up 0.12 yen from late Monday. 
 In his first official trade mission since taking office, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger will jet to Japan this week for a five-day trip to promote California business and encourage Japanese tourism in the state. 
 Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin made his first visit to Haiti, briefly touring a country mired in political upheaval and trying to recover from a rebellion that ousted its elected president. 
 It was all a close call, but as Zimbabwe Cricket chairman Peter Chingoka predicted, cricket will finally get underway Sunday at the Harare Sports Club in the first of four limited-over internationals between Zimbabwe and England. 
 South Africa's Competition Tribunal rejected a request by Gold Fields Ltd. on Thursday to block a hostile takeover bid by Harmony Gold Mining Co. 
 A judge sentenced a Kansas man to death for killing and beheading a housekeeper. 
 The coach and the players were pleased. The fans seemed indifferent. The media was split. 
 Spain's King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia will meet this month with U.S. President George W. Bush in an informal visit seen here a symbolic step toward patching up strained bilateral relations. 
 French bank Societe Generale SA on Tuesday posted a 10.3 percent increase in third-quarter net profit, boosted by higher revenues from international retail banking and a better-than-expected result at its corporate investment banking operations. 
 Paul Gauguin's "Maternite (II)," a painting of a nursing mother and her infant, sold for $39.2 million (euro30.5 million), a record for the artist, auctioneers said. 
 Universidad de Chile, one of Chile's most popular soccer clubs, may be closed, at least temporarily, if it fails to pay salaries to its office personnel and make government pension payments within 20 days. 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell, facing his last weeks on the job, will travel to Israel and the West Bank to try to accelerate prospects for peacemaking, the State Department announced Tuesday. 
 Two-time Olympic tennis champion Nicolas Massu of Chile underwent successful hernia surgery Tuesday and will be inactive for several days. 
 An operation to rescue hundreds of Britons and other foreigners from the violence in Ivory Coast was under way Friday, the Ministry of Defense said. 
 Lagardere SCA's revenues rose 15 percent in the third quarter, the French media and defense group said Monday, boosted by its publishing units and 15 percent stake in Airbus' parent company. 
 A Sudanese Cabinet minister slammed the latest U.N. report on Darfur, accusing the world body Saturday of overlooking violence committed by African rebels while pouncing on trivial matters that make the government from the Arab-dominated north look bad. 
 Mexican stocks closed at another record high on Monday, helped by gains in Mexican homebuilding companies and ongoing enthusiasm for strong third-quarter earnings reports released in the past few weeks. 
 Spain and Germany plan to strengthen defense cooperation and propose ways to boost Europe's economy at a one-day summit Monday, in a sign of increasing cooperation between the two countries since Spain's change in policy over Iraq. 
 The governor of Nigeria's Plateau state returned to office Thursday at the end of six months of emergency rule triggered by Muslim-Christian violence _ despite his own troubles over his alleged money-laundering in London. 
 Godzilla finally received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, 50 years after he stomped onto movie screens and hours before the premiere of his latest film, "Godzilla: Final Wars." 
 Alberto Gonzales, known in White House corridors as "The Judge," has seen his fortunes track with George W. Bush's for more than a decade. 
 Today is Friday, November 26, the 330th day of 2004. There are 35 days left in the year. 
 OFI Crete defender Nikos Kounenakis has been asked to testify before a disciplinary committee after failing a doping test following a Greek league game, soccer authorities said Tuesday. 
 Peace plans bearing the name of U.S. presidents or their secretaries of state litter the history books of the Middle East, most of them discarded as failures or nonstarters. Now, it seems U.S. President George W. Bush is ready to try his hand. 
 British distance runner Paula Radcliffe will aim for the 10,000 meters title at next year's World Athletics Championships rather than the marathon. 
 A group of Slobodan Milosevic's supporters on Tuesday hailed the recent decision by the U.N. war crimes court to allow the former Yugoslav president to resume his own defense before the international tribunal. 
 Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono will meet U.S. President George W. Bush on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Chile later this month, the foreign minister said Wednesday. 
 West Indies' dissident cricketers began arriving at a training camp in Barbados on Monday, when a judge was named to arbitrate their contract dispute with national administrators. 
 Major conservative advocacy groups expect to be rewarded politically for what they believe was a pivotal role in energizing their supporters to re-elect President Bush and strengthen Republican control of Congress. Among the items on their wish list: 
 Journalists at an independent Ukrainian television station ended a week-long hunger strike and filed suit against broadcasting regulators Tuesday, accusing the government of cracking down on the independent media. 
 A big, bearded cleric caught the eye of a mosque official as he approached the stand to deliver the sermon, the chief imam at Bahrain's largest mosque recalled Thursday. 
 A U.S.-Iraqi raid on the Abu Hanifa mosque _ one of the most revered sites for Sunni Muslims _ spawned a weekend of street battles, assassinations and a rash of bombings that changed Baghdad. The capital, for months a city of unrelenting but sporadic violence, has taken on the look of a battlefield. 
 Sysco Corp., the largest U.S. food service distributor, Monday said profit for its latest quarter rose 8 percent, as it increased sales and trimmed expenses despite the hurricanes in the Southeast. 
 New York Yankees manager Joe Torre would love to have Boston Red Sox ace Pedro Martinez in his rotation _ just as he'd love to have any great starting pitcher. 
 Marxist rebels freed four hostages whom they had held in the jungle for as long as three years and four months, relatives of the former captives said. 
 A court Thursday ruled that a Danish former lawmaker suspected of sexually abusing a young boy should be released from custody. 
 Real Madrid striker Michael Owen believes he has overcome difficulties related to his transfer from Liverpool and expects his recent scoring streak to continue. 
 Supporters of Viktor Yanukovych's presidential bid say his two years as prime minister have brought Ukraine soaring economic growth and maintained the country's relations with both Russia and the West. 
 Vijay Singh looked at Sunday as the beginning, not the end. 
 A mortar shell targeting an Iraqi police station in central Iraq fell short, killing two children in a nearby home, police said Friday. 
 Turkey's defense minister said Thursday the country was considering its options for the modernization of its land forces and had not made any decision concerning the possible purchase of tanks from Germany. 
 Authorities arrested a man Friday accused of sending death threats to a senator who had criticized fundamentalist Muslims. 
 Mexican President Vicente Fox plans to encourage U.S. President George W. Bush to move forward with migration reforms, when the two leaders meet on Sunday at an economic forum in Chile, a spokesman for Fox said Wednesday. 
 The first sign that Vijay Singh would be a relentless force on the PGA Tour came in a tournament he didn't win, with a putt that ultimately didn't matter. 
 Five people were killed when a small airplane crashed in bad weather near an apartment complex for seniors, authorities said. There were no survivors aboard the plane. 
 Having lapsed into a coma, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was clinging to life Saturday at a French military hospital as aides voiced increasing concern about the lack of improvement in his condition. 
 The U.S. decision to recognize Macedonia under that name has triggered a national euphoria and a wave of pro-American sentiment in the troubled Balkan country. 
 Wolfgang Nitschke was suspended Sunday by the German Wrestling Federation (DRB) after documents allegedly revealed the freestyle coach for the national team once worked for East Germany's secret police. 
 Neil Mellor drove home a 30-yard (meter) shot for the winner deep into injury time as Arsenal tumbled 2-1 at Liverpool on Sunday to fall five points behind Chelsea in the Premier League title race. 
 Bill Clinton promised that his presidential library would set a new standard for openness and said he knew from the beginning he wanted it in his home state. 
 Taking a cue from recording companies, Hollywood movie studios are preparing to file copyright infringement lawsuits against computer users they say are illegally distributing movies online, a source familiar with the studios' plans said. 
 Brazil may institute a new review process for bank mergers and acquisitions to guarantee competition among financial institutions, Central Bank President Henrique Meirelles said Wednesday. 
 Suspected Muslim insurgents gunned down a Buddhist shop owner Sunday in continuing violence in southern Thailand, as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra flew to the Muslim-majority region to attend a Buddhist religious ceremony. 
 Bucharest Mayor Traian Basescu, a leading presidential contender, said Wednesday that if elected, his government would reassess three major contracts recently signed by the current government. 
 Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra vowed Saturday to purge Muslim-dominated southern Thailand of illegal war weapons being used daily in deadly attacks. Four Buddhists _ one a young student _ were killed in the latest outburst of violence, police said. 
 Australian unions said Friday they will encourage unions in the United States and Europe to launch protests against building products giant James Hardie if local asbestos victims are not adequately compensated. 
 Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Sunday that he will meet with "some Iraqi figures residing abroad" not in Jordan as previously reported, his office said. 
 Yasser Arafat's wife lashed out at his top lieutenants Monday, accusing them of traveling to Paris with plans to "bury" her husband "alive." 
 Airstrikes and clashes west of Baghdad between U.S. troops and rebels have left four people dead and 29 others wounded, police and hospital officials said Saturday. 
 President Vladimir Putin and Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi called for a unified front against terrorism, saying Wednesday that violence against civilians could never be justified. 
 Poland and Russia on Tuesday confirmed a settlement of a trade dispute that had threatened at least US$358 million (euro282 million) in Polish food exports, and promised to foster trade and investments between the two countries. 
 Prince Charles and his companion Camilla Parker Bowles will not attend the wedding of his godson this weekend, sparking reports in Wednesday's newspapers that they refused to be seated apart. 
 Warning that Darfur is descending into anarchy, the top U.N. envoy to Sudan urged the quick deployment of African troops to deter violence and an acceleration in the peace talks to prevent warlords from taking control of the vast western region. 
 The White House said Thursday it saw a new opportunity to advance Mideast peace, with President George W. Bush's second term secured and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's bid to withdraw from Gaza set for next summer. 
 Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi on Sunday urged Palestinians not to become divided because of Yasser Arafat's failing health. 
 A photojournalist was shot and killed while having dinner with his family in a community cafeteria in the northwestern state of Sinaloa, the home turf of nearly all of Mexico's top drug bosses, authorities said Monday. 
 Two suspected Taliban gunmen fatally shot a local security chief and two government militiamen in a drive-by attack in southern Afghanistan, police said Wednesday. 
 Pope John Paul II is planning to make a pilgrimage to Poland, the land of his birth, in June if his health permits it, Poland's primate was quoted as saying Friday after returning from a visit to the Vatican. 
 Vietnamese police on Thursday arrested the highest ranking official so far allegedly at the center of a corruption scandal involving garment and textile shipments to the United States, an official said. 
 Relatives of Kenneth Bigley, the Briton beheaded in Iraq, remembered him at a tearful memorial service Saturday as an honest, funny man whose brutal killing devastated those who loved him. 
 Television audiences watching Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo Friday got a rare glimpse of his 9-year-old daughter Zahwa, weeping and standing next to her mother as his coffin was placed on a plane. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Prince Charles' tirade against people who aspire to lofty goals beyond their natural talent earned him a rare public rebuke from a senior government minister on Thursday _ and gasps of disbelief from the British media. 
 An empty subway train rolled backward into a train full of passengers near the National Zoo, injuring at least 20 people, transit officials said. 
 Peter Lonard finetuned for his defense of the Australian Open title with a two-stroke victory Sunday at the New South Wales Open. 
 Pacific Rim leaders kicked off a two-day summit with talks on beefing up global security efforts, eliminating nuclear threats from North Korea and Iran and solving regional economic problems. 
 Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann brought his feuding goalkeepers together and said Monday he had praised both of them for their restrained attitude. 
 After a weekend without some of the normal comforts of home _ no unfiltered TV, no Internet, no visitors _ sequestered jurors in Scott Peterson's murder trial were set to resume deliberations Monday for a third full day. 
 Beijing warned Hong Kong lawmakers on Monday against backing a legislative motion calling for a referendum on direct elections, denouncing it as a challenge to China's constitutional system. 
 A masked gunman shot and killed a Palestinian shopkeeper in Lebanon's largest refugee camp overnight, Palestinian officials said Tuesday. 
 Croatia welcomed more tourists this spring and summer than in any other year since gaining independence in 1991, a Cabinet minister said Wednesday. 
 House Democratic leaders, consigned by the election to a minority role for another two years, said Tuesday they want to hold Republicans more accountable, starting with a vote on raising the $7.4 trillion (euro5.7 trillion) debt ceiling. 
 Shares in Italy's largest publicly traded construction firm, Impregilo, lost more than a third of their value Wednesday amid concerns about an investigation into suspected false accounting at the firm. 
 Ukraine's opposition leader and the top contender for the presidency accused the government on Friday of massive election fraud during the fiercely contested first round of the country's presidential election. 
 It will be sunny Sunday along the Mediterranean Coast of Africa on southward to Guinea, Chad and Ethiopia. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Vince Carter has to listen to his favorite tunes on his own time. 
 The first launch of a new Russian booster rocket was postponed again Saturday because of technical problems, Russian news agencies reported. 
 Sweden beat Denmark 27-23 Sunday to win the men's World Cup final _ the former handball powerhouse's first major win in nearly three years. 
 Burt Reynolds sued a former girlfriend, alleging that she was threatening to falsely accuse him of abuse if he didn't pay millions of dollars in extortion. 
 The mother of the 16-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber who blew himself up in a Tel Aviv market Monday called the militants who sent him "immoral," reflecting rising criticism of the practice of sending teenagers to their deaths. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi will attend a meeting in Jordan aimed at achieving reconciliation with former Baath Party leaders who fled the country in the wake of the U.S. invasion, a spokesman said Saturday. 
 South Korea's navy fired warning shots Monday after three North Korean patrol boats entered waters controlled by the South, the military said. 
 Around 100 workers from Brazilian multinational Embraco blocked a railway line in northern Italy on Tuesday to protest the company's plans to relocate a plant to eastern Europe. 
 Forward Jonny O'Connor will make his international debut Saturday as Ireland's rugby team attempts to beat South Africa for the first time since 1965. 
 Orders placed with U.S. factories fell for the second consecutive month in September, the first back-to-back decline in two years. Demand dropped sharply for manufactured goods other than defense materials, the Commerce Department reported Wednesday. 
 A long-awaited microprocessor developed by IBM Corp., Sony Corp. and Toshiba Corp. will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high-definition TVs and home servers in 2006, the companies said Monday. 
 American national champion Johnny Weir is up against European champ Brian Joubert of France at the Trophee Bompard, the fifth event in the International Skating Union's Grand Prix series. 
 Oil prices edged up Friday but remained well below recent highs, reflecting increased production in the Gulf of Mexico. Still, analysts said higher demand during the Northern Hemisphere's winter could soon result in an upward spike. 
 The High Court on Tuesday blocked the extradition of a British man wanted by the Portuguese government to stand trial on charges of passing counterfeit currency six years ago. 
 Several explosions were heard Monday in Baghdad. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair faced unusually personal pressure Tuesday to open a fully public inquiry into the 1989 assassination of a Belfast lawyer, one of Northern Ireland's most bitterly debated killings. 
 The "dolce vita" days for Italy's lazy language learners are gone. 
 President Festus Mogae was assured of a second term in power Monday as returns from Saturday's election showed his governing Botswana Democratic Party took an overwhelming majority in Parliament. 
 American Airlines, struggling to compete with lower-overhead carriers, will cut more jobs to reduce costs, chief executive Gerard Arpey said Wednesday. 
 Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said tougher action, including economic sanctions, may be necessary to get North Korea back to negotiations to stop its nuclear program. 
 The United Nations refugee chief said Wednesday he fears that the conflict in Ivory Coast could destabilize surrounding countries, particularly neighboring Liberia which only recently emerged from years of vicious civil war. 
 China will invest more than US$19 billion (euro14.7 billion) in Argentina over the next ten years, deepening trade links between the world's fastest growing economy and South America's second-largest, Argentine officials said. 
 France has no intention of making Yasser Arafat's medical records public and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family, the foreign minister said Tuesday. 
 A nurse has asked a judge to order a man to take an HIV test because she was accidentally stuck with a needle she used to give him insulin. 
 The Ulster Defense Association, Northern Ireland's largest outlawed group, announced Sunday it wants to rejoin peacemaking efforts, a potentially significant step forward in the peace process. 
 Police said Sunday they have arrested two men and seized 3 million ecstasy tablets worth about 200 million Australian dollars (US$154 million, euro119 million) that the pair imported from Poland hidden inside a bakery oven. 
 Ohio emerged as the likely setting for another overtime presidential court fight, with the focus this time on tens of thousands of uncounted ballots cast by people who would otherwise have been turned away from the polls. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $446.80 per troy ounce Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $442.60 late Thursday. 
 Rescuers have saved 20 pilot whales stranded for two days on a New Zealand beach, although 56 other whales died, officials said Tuesday. 
 Search teams Tuesday found the body of a local official beheaded by suspected Muslim insurgents as revenge for the deaths of 85 rioters in southern Thailand last week, police said. 
 Britain's Prince Edward wrapped up a Caribbean tour Saturday with a visit to a tropical forest and a colonial-era military signal tower in Barbados. 
 Opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko on Friday won the support of Ukraine's Socialist leader, his campaign manager said, an alliance that could prove crucial in his Nov. 21 runoff with Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych. 
 Steve Francis scored a season-high 32 points, and Grant Hill added 27 points and 12 rebounds to rally the Orlando Magic to a 122-113 comeback victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday night. 
 The Netherlands' ambassador to the Ivory Coast and three members of his staff were evacuated and the Dutch Embassy was closed, the Dutch foreign ministry said Sunday. 
 U.S troops arrested a representative of Muqtada al-Sadr on Friday near the holy city of Karbala _ the second arrest of the radical Shiite cleric's aides in two days, al-Sadr's office said. 
 The European Parliament could open confirmation hearings for members of the new European Commission next week if incoming leader Jose Manuel Barroso quickly designates his new team, the legislature's president said Wednesday. 
 The Irish Republican Army has agreed to allow two Catholic and Protestant church officials to witness the outlawed group's next act of disarmament and describe it afterward, officials in the British and Irish governments indicated Tuesday. 
 Insurgents hit a U.S. convoy with a roadside bomb near the central Iraq city of Samarra on Tuesday, drawing return fire that killed one man as mortar rounds landed near a U.S. military outpost, injuring two children, hospital and police officials said. 
 When President George W. Bush takes his second oath of office Jan. 20 it will be his family's fifth inauguration ceremony, a day of pomp and pageantry set amid the icons of democracy only this city can provide: the U.S. Capitol, the White House, Pennsylvania Avenue. 
 A mosque in the southeastern Dutch village of Helden, near the German border, was badly damaged by a fire early Saturday, police said. 
 Colombia on Friday formally opened international bidding for a US$234 million (euro181 million) contract to supply 24 fighter jets, officials said. 
 Japan's Cabinet is likely to decide next week whether to extend its humanitarian mission in Iraq, the foreign minister said Tuesday, amid expectations that Tokyo's troops will remain in the country for another year. 
 People around the globe were glued to radios and televisions Wednesday as results rolled in from a U.S. presidential election many thought could rattle their stock markets, rock their economies and shake up a world already wracked by war. 
 Pakistan's prime minister invited opposition groups on Friday to hold talks on key national issues, but ruled out any debate over President Gen. Pervez Musharraf's apparent backtracking on a pledge to step down as army chief before the end of this year. 
 A season of tight racing, good crowds and the emergence of a new star, series champion Sebastien Bourdais, helped make the Champ Car series as dramatic on the track in 2004 as it had been in the boardroom. 
 Britain's telecommunications regulator backed away from breaking up BT Group PLC on Thursday and instead ordered the industry giant to improve competitor access to its networks. 
 Authorities in the eastern Dutch city of Arnhem said Tuesday that a chemical leak from a cargo train was the likely cause of nausea and headaches experienced by about 25 people. 
 Successful in persuading voters not to change leaders in wartime, President George W. Bush faces a second term packed with problems bred in his first, from the need for an exit strategy in Iraq to the prospect of staggering budget deficits at home. 
 Low-cost airline easyJet PLC said Tuesday that net profit rose 27 percent in the last fiscal year despite rising oil prices and tough competition. 
 Forty-three members of a Cuban dance troupe performing at a Las Vegas casino asked for asylum in the United States on Monday in the one of the biggest mass defections of entertainers from Cuba. 
 The euro hit an all-time high against the U.S. dollar Friday, climbing on fears of rising oil prices and concern over the U.S. budget deficit. 
 A global investment fund manager has filed a civil suit against Citigroup, charging that the New York-based financial institution improperly interfered with the investment fund's operations in Brazil, lawyers said Tuesday. 
 Gov. Charles Turnbull signed a bill creating a fifth convention to draft a constitution for the U.S. Virgin Islands, officials said Monday. 
 Thirty-three Egyptian workers returning from Saudi Arabia for a Muslim holiday were killed Sunday when their bus crashed into a truck in southern Egypt, police said. 
 Gold opened at US$427.05 an ounce on Tuesday in Hong Kong, down US$1.90 an ounce from Monday's close of US$428.95. 
 German international midfielder Fabian Ernst is leaving Werder Bremen at the end of the season, becoming the third major player to abandon the team that won the Bundesliga championship and the German Cup last season. 
 U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow praised his Cabinet colleague Colin Powell in an interview broadcast Tuesday, a day after Powell's resignation as Secretary of State was announced. 
 J. Cofer Black, the State Department official in charge of counterterrorism, is leaving government in the next few weeks. 
 Basil Thompson, an internationally acclaimed ballet master on sabbatical from the University of Iowa, died Tuesday in Lynchburg, Virginia, of sudden cardiac arrest. He was 67. 
 The death toll in a coal mine gas explosion in southwest China has doubled to 12 and seven workers are still missing, the government said Monday. 
 Alexei Kovalev, Brad Richards and Nikolai Khabibulin became the latest NHL players to join a European team during the lockout, agreeing to play in Russia. 
 Ozzy Osbourne and Liza Minnelli will perform at the annual Royal Variety show in front of Prince Charles at London's Coliseum Theatre on Dec. 14, organizers said Wednesday. 
 Nwankwo Kanu's stunning miss in front of an open goal not only cost struggling West Bromwich Albion a valuable draw with Middlesbrough. 
 Dirk Nowitzki missed the Dallas Mavericks' game against Minnesota on Monday night and will miss several more because of a sprained ankle, adding the team's best player to an already lengthy list of hobbling players. 
 Janica Kostelic of Croatia won her first World Cup race in nearly two years Saturday, charging through steady snow and choppy conditions to beat Anja Paerson of Sweden by more than a second in the first World Cup slalom this season. 
 The Vatican offered its condolences Thursday on the death of Yasser Arafat, calling him a leader of "great charisma" and expressing hope the time had come for Israel and the Palestinians to live in peace in two independent states. 
 The vice chairman of the Czech Soccer Association resigned Thursday following allegations of involvement in a bribery scandal that has rocked Czech soccer. 
 A U.N. human rights panel said Friday it was asking the United States to address the human rights implications of the Patriot Act, as well as the legal status and treatment of detainees in Afghanistan, Guantanamo and Iraq. 
 Legendary hockey defenseman Alexander Ragulin, who played for the dominant Soviet teams of the 1960s and 1970s and was a three-time member of Olympic champion teams, has died, the Moscow sports club CSKA said Thursday. He was 63. 
 Aiming to heal political rifts, Italy's Foreign Minister Franco Frattini pledged to promote policies of tolerance and support the rights of gays and ethnic minorities as the European Union's next justice commissioner. 
 Shania Twain's "Forever and For Always" won country song of the year honors from the music licensing agency BMI. 
 At least 100 civilians have been killed in Chechnya since the start of the year, and 100 others who were abducted are still missing, a leading Russian human rights group said Sunday. 
 Churchill Downs, home of the Kentucky Derby, said it banned about a dozen jockeys from the rest of the fall meet after riders threatened to boycott upcoming races in a dispute over health insurance. 
 The leaders of Jordan, Yemen, Algeria, Egypt, South Africa and Brazil will attend Yasser Arafat's funeral, an aide to the Palestinian foreign minister said Wednesday. 
 Andy Roddick waited out a rain delay and then held off Tim Henman of Great Britain for a 7-5, 7-6 (6) victory in the first round of the ATP Masters Cup championship Tuesday night. 
 About 60 gray seals, most of them pups, have been slaughtered on a western Irish island, wildlife officials reported Friday. 
 Yasser Arafat, who triumphantly forced his people's plight into the world spotlight but failed to achieve his lifelong quest for Palestinian statehood, died Thursday at age 75. He was to the end a man of many mysteries and paradoxes _ terrorist, statesman, autocrat and peacemaker. 
 Philip Morris USA challenged a $10.1 billion (euro7.8 billion) consumer fraud ruling, telling the Illinois Supreme Court that its "light" cigarettes performed as advertised. 
 Exterminators on one of Spain's Canary Islands have fumigated, torched or scooped up hundreds of thousands of locusts that flew across 100 kilometers (60 miles) of ocean after an infestation that wreaked havoc in North Africa this summer, officials said Sunday. 
 Two-time world rallying champion Carlos Sainz's career ended Wednesday _ one race short of his scheduled retirement. 
 Airbus' top salesman gave the clearest indication yet Tuesday that the European aircraft maker plans to develop a new rival to the 7E7 "Dreamliner" being developed by U.S. competitor Boeing Co. 
 Congress passed legislation giving two committee chairman and their assistants access to income tax returns without regard to privacy protections, but not before embarrassed Republicans said it was all a mistake and would be swiftly repealed. 
 In March 1996, when Dan Rather marked his 15th anniversary as anchorman of the "CBS Evening News," he was asked what such a milestone signified. The first thing that popped into his head: He had lasted. 
 After months of negotiations, Walt Disney World and leaders of its largest union group agreed Thursday to a tentative contract that will likely avert a strike at the theme park resort. 
 Lawyers for terrorism defendant Zacarias Moussaoui asked Monday for further delays in bringing the case to trial while they appeal pretrial issues to the Supreme Court. 
 Everton is coping just fine without Wayne Rooney, marquee players or a big payroll. 
 The final results in Ukraine's bitterly contested presidential election are not yet known, but one thing is clear: the sprawling, strategic former Soviet republic's next leader takes the reins of a badly divided public, deeply suspicious of authority. 
 Guatemala City will stage next year's UNCAF Cup, the eighth biennial Central American championship that will qualify for teams for the CONCACAF Gold Cup, soccer's regional governing body announced Monday. 
 Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Sunday reaffirmed Moscow's adherence to a 1956 declaration in which the Soviet Union voiced readiness to hand over two of the four disputed Kuril Islands to Japan. 
 Tim McGraw's "Live Like You Were Dying" won song of the year and single of the year, and Kenny Chesney took entertainer of the year and album of the year honors at the Country Music Association awards. 
 Scattered showers and thunderstorms will affect far east Mauritania, Western Sahara and Morocco on Tuesday. 
 Peace campaigners in Nepal on Friday urged communist rebels to stop using land mines, which have killed, injured or maimed hundreds of people in the past few years. 
 Prince Harry will receive no royal treatment when he joins the British army next year, the commander of his military college said Thursday. 
 A South African court ruled Wednesday that Sir Mark Thatcher, son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, has to answer questions from Equatorial Guinea authorities, who allege he financed a coup plot in the central African country. 
 The same day Dutch mourners gathered outside a crematorium for a final goodbye to slain filmmaker Theo Van Gogh, police on the other side of the world made a horrific discovery in a hut: the decapitated body of a Thai laborer. 
 Today is Tuesday, November 16, the 320th day of 2004. There are 45 days left in the year. 
 The U.N. war crimes tribunal was to rule Monday on Slobodan Milosevic's appeal to once again act as his own defense lawyer following his court-appointed British attorney's decision to quit. 
 An ethnic Albanian arrested in Kosovo for allegedly intimidating witnesses in an upcoming war crimes trial has been sent to the U.N. tribunal, officials said Friday. 
 As Yasser Arafat was buried, President George W. Bush raised hopes for a Middle East peace and the creation of an independent Palestinian state within four years, suggesting decades of distrust and frustration could be altered by the change of Palestinian leadership. 
 Hotels in Qatar have increased their security precautions after the U.S. Embassy in Doha issued a warning to Americans to avoid visiting major hotels. 
 Chinese shuttlers swept to victory Sunday in the women's singles and doubles finals of the Singapore Badminton Open on 
 As one of Turkey's richest families, the Uzans had an insatiable appetite for Manhattan apartments, paying about US$10 million (euro7.7 million) cash in recent years for seven dwellings in two luxury high-rises near the United Nations. 
 President George W. Bush sketched a second-term agenda Thursday that includes tax overhaul and major changes in pension benefits for the elderly to allow U.S. workers to own their own retirement accounts. 
 Ronaldinho's spectacular strike which earned Barcelona a Champions League victory over AC Milan was described as "unforgettable" by his coach, Frank Rijkaard, news reports said Wednesday. 
 When Mohamed Alanssi set himself on fire in a suicide attempt in front of the White House this week, he blew his cover as an FBI informant and opened a window on how the government is fighting the war on terror. 
 Graham Henry and Steve Hansen spent years trying to turn around the fortunes of the Welsh national rugby team and make it capable of beating the likes of New Zealand. 
 A teachers' strike closed many schools across Italy on Monday, and tens of thousands of demonstrators marched through Rome in the rain amid fears that Premier Silvio Berlusconi's center-right government is quietly planning to cut education jobs. 
 Today is Wednesday, Dec. 1, the 335th day of 2004. There are 30 days left in the year. 
 Argentine-born businessman Carlos Ahumada was ordered to stand trial Monday on charges of encouraging illicit conduct, in addition to the fraud and money laundering counts he already faces in Mexican courts. 
 British airport operator TBI PLC said Wednesday it has agreed to a takeover by Spanish transport and communications company Abertis and Spain's national airport authority Aena. 
 A brawl broke out Wednesday between ethnic Dutch youths and ethnic Turks and Moroccans in the first direct racial confrontation in more than a week of religious and ethnic tensions in the Netherlands. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez on Sunday praised the direction Spain has taken under Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, saying the country "had become a great hope." 
 Not content with having a drug that might merely fight obesity and smoking, the company developing this eagerly anticipated pill will soon launch studies to see if it can treat and prevent clogged arteries and heart disease. 
 Bruce Willis filed a negligence lawsuit against Revolution Studios for pyrotechnic injuries allegedly suffered during filming of the action film "Tears of the Sun." 
 Norway's 12-month inflation rate rose to 1.4 percent in October from 1.1 percent a month earlier but was down from 1.6 percent a year earlier, the state agency Statistics Norway announced Wednesday. 
 Voters in northeastern England have overwhelmingly rejected plans for a new regional assembly to manage local affairs, scuppering the government's hopes of shaking up the way Britain is governed. 
 Wales' Stephen Dodd won the season-opening China Open for his first PGA European Tour title, shooting a 4-under 68 on Sunday for a three-stroke victory over Denmark's Thomas Bjorn. 
 Belgian Cardinal Gustaaf Joos, who derided lesbians and gays as 'sexual perverts,' died Tuesday, local church officials said. 
 A cold front will bring thunderstorms from north-central to northeastern Libya and Tunisia on Monday. 
 An expert on Iraq's postwar reconstruction was sentenced Monday to six months under house arrest and two years of probation for trying to smuggle into the United States 4,000-year-old artifacts stolen from Iraq's national museum in the chaos after the U.S. invasion. 
 Vernon Wells was a big hit in Japan. Now he's hoping his success in the Far East will carry over to next season. 
 A mosque in the southeastern Dutch village of Helden, near the German border, was on fire early Saturday, police said. 
 The Dutch computer services company Getronics NV said Monday it will offer euro338 million (US$433.1 million) in cash and stock for its smaller Dutch peer PinkRoccade NV. 
 Former Rep. Frank Ballance pleaded guilty Tuesday to a charge that he used a charitable foundation to bilk the government and funnel money to his law firm, church and family. 
 The decision to eliminate immigration and customs controls between Central American nations will make it easier for drug traffickers to move narcotics through the region, a top U.S. drug enforcement agent told The Associated Press. 
 Forget trying to flood Bill Gates' e-mail inbox with junk. 
 Communist rebels attacked a remote mountain village in northwestern Nepal, bombing the police station, court house and a government building, officials said Monday. 
 After two record-breaking years of West Nile virus illnesses and deaths, the United States is experiencing a relatively mild season, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. 
 A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President George W. Bush's second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday. 
 A storm is brewing within Inter Milan. 
 Gold bullion opened Monday at a bid price of US$438.60 a troy ounce, up from US$437.70 late Friday. 
 Turkish police have arrested three Kurdish rebels who admitted to carrying out a bomb attack that injured 13 people during a pop concert, a police official said Monday. 
 Police said Wednesday they foiled an alleged plan by a serial killer known as "The Serpent" to drug guards and escape from a prison in Nepal, where he is serving a life sentence for murdering two Western backpackers in 1975. 
 A small plane crashed in a Detroit neighborhood Monday afternoon, setting at least two houses on fire. Witnesses said construction workers at the scene helped pull two people out of the wreckage of the aircraft. 
 Dissident politician Anwar Ibrahim paid a surprise visit Monday to Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi _ his first public step to mend fences with the government that threw him out more than six years ago. 
 Medical staff at a U.S. military hospital in southwest Germany are expanding bed capacity to care for a stream of wounded from Fallujah, officials said Thursday. 
 Eminem's new album debuted atop the charts, following a decision by the rapper's record label to move up the album's sale date amid piracy concerns. 
 Former Czech President Vaclav Havel was to travel this week to Asia to visit Taiwan, Thailand and Indonesia, his aide said Tuesday. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.68 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Friday, down 0.25 yen from late Thursday. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange closed higher Friday. 
 Prince Charles joined 140 military widows Saturday for an annual ceremony honoring Britain's war dead, including those killed in Iraq. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange rose 1.07 percent Monday. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $420.00 per troy ounce Tuesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $427.30 late Monday. 
 The U.S. dollar fell against other major currencies in European trading Friday. Gold prices rose. 
 European countries should compile and share a list of companies implicated in soliciting bribes in exchange for contracts, the head of Transparency International told a conference Wednesday examining ways to widen the crackdown on corruption. 
 In a gradual opening of China's skies, Beijing and Macau have agreed to give their airlines more flying rights, which could help the gambling enclave establish itself as a gateway for budget travel. 
 A fire roared through a chemical factory on the outskirts of the Argentine capital Thursday, killing one person and injuring at least four others, authorities said. 
 As aid organizations scrambled Monday to get relief to people who have fled fighting in Fallujah, concern spread about the civilians they are sure are still trapped inside the embattled Iraqi city. 
 Ukraine's Communist party leader on Sunday urged his supporters not to back any presidential candidate in a runoff election later this month, as about 1,000 activists rallied in the Ukrainian capital to mark the 87th anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution. 
 Merck & Co.'s campaign to defend itself in the wake of the recall of the pain reliever Vioxx intensified as it placed a package of three full-page ads in seven prominent newspapers beginning last Friday. That follows several television appearances as well as testimony before Congress by the company's chief executive. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 105.42 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Wednesday, down 0.04 yen from late Tuesday. 
 Czechs began voting Friday for representatives for regional assemblies and for one-third of the 81 seats in the upper house of parliament. 
 Manchester City striker Robbie Fowler has escaped punishment from the Football Association over rude gestures he allegedly made to Manchester United fans. 
 The chairman and CEO of a U.S. shipping company accused of hiring a Bulgarian crew to illegally dump 442 tons of fuel-contaminated wheat into the South China Sea testified Thursday that he didn't recall key conversations and documents about the voyage. 
 The chief of staff of Israel's army on Friday promised a full investigation into reports that troops desecrated Palestinian bodies and then snapped their photographs with the corpses as war mementos. 
 The National Music Museum at the University of South Dakota has acquired two guitars and a banjo from the estate of Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash. 
 The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog said Monday he hoped Iran would suspend its nuclear enrichment and reprocessing programs following Tehran's tentative deal over the weekend with France, Germany and Britain. 
 Stocks are surging, businesses appear to be hiring again, and a pro-business administration is about to start a second term in the White House. What could Wall Street possibly be worried about? 
 The U.S. Embassy in Uzbekistan warned Americans on Wednesday to be vigilant when shopping at the Central Asian country's bustling bazaars following violence between traders and police sparked by new trade laws. 
 Pakistan expects to improve its relations with historic rival India and won't be deterred by an "extremist small minority" at home, President Gen. Pervez Musharraf said. 
 Egypt denied it has a secret nuclear weapons program in an angry response Sunday to reports that the U.N. atomic watchdog is investigating the discovery of plutonium particles near an Egyptian nuclear facility. 
 Clouds and isolated rainfall were expected Thursday over Northern Morocco, northeast Algeria, Tunisia and coastal Libya. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Monday a key militant group and its leadership have been arrested. 
 Japan urged North Korea on Thursday to return to six-way talks on the North's nuclear weapons program in a third day of meetings focusing on the fate of missing Japanese citizens kidnapped by Northern spies, Japanese officials said. 
 U.S. forces conducted a raid to capture a "high value target" associated with Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in an area northwest of Baghdad and detained three people, a U.S. spokesman said Sunday. 
 Mexico's three Gulf coast crude-oil loading ports were closed Thursday because of poor weather conditions, the Communications and Transportation Department said. 
 Seven mobile phone companies with a subscriber base of 56 million across Asia announced on Wednesday a joint venture that will develop technology to build a common service platform across the region. 
 The United Nations has condemned the rebel capture of a town in Darfur province, saying it violates a cease-fire agreement and jeopardizes the lives of tens of thousands of people who will not receive aid because of the fighting. 
 Three dissidents from a group of 75 arrested in a broad crackdown last year were unexpectedly released Monday for health reasons, according to friends, relatives and local rights activists. The surprise move raised hopes for additional releases in the coming days. 
 Madonna has some advice for U.S. President George W. Bush: Get out of Iraq. 
 Amnesty International said Wednesday it was "gravely concerned" over Sri Lanka's decision to reinstate the death penalty and urged the government to reconsider. 
 Sen. John Kerry brought his long White House campaign to an end Wednesday, conceding the presidential election to George W. Bush and saying the time had come to "begin the healing." 
 European Union leaders meeting at a summit Thursday were expected to give strong backing to a European negotiating team seeking to persuade Iran to limit its nuclear program to peaceful purposes. 
 An autobiographical documentary made for US$200 (euro155) and a searing feature about pedophilia won top awards Thursday on the final day of the London Film Festival. 
 Abigail Spears of the United States and Martina Sucha of Slovakia will play for the US$170,000 (euro132,234) Bell Challenge title on Sunday. 
 The mail must get through, but sometimes it takes a little time _ in this case, 54 years. 
 Interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas escaped unharmed after gunmen firing assault rifles burst into a tent in Gaza City where he was greeting people who came to mourn Yasser Arafat, a grim sign that efforts to prevent chaos during the transition may not succeed. 
 Heavy fog shrouding Shanghai was blamed for a pair of traffic accidents that killed 12 and injured 32, newspapers and the city government said Tuesday. 
 Ron Artest was suspended for the rest of the season Sunday, and two of his Indiana Pacers teammates must miss a total of 55 games for fighting with fans during a melee that broke out at the end of a game against the Detroit Pistons. 
 Mexico President Vicente Fox and opposition politicians appeared to reach the most critical impasse yet in long-troubled relations Friday as the chief executive pledged to legally challenge the 2005 budget approved by Congress. 
 President George W. Bush parlayed an aggressive outreach effort and campaign themes of moral values and fighting terrorism into increased support from Hispanics to help him win re-election. 
 A county commission race in this gambling state was decided in true Nevada fashion _ by the luck of the draw. 
 Police and intelligence agencies have prevented international terrorists from striking Britain by disrupting their planned attacks, the head of London's police said Sunday. 
 Republicans toppled Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, winning their biggest Senate prize after sweeping the South, including a Florida seat Wednesday. 
 An explosion destroyed a car in southwest Moscow on Tuesday, killing at least one person, police said. 
 A jury in a special inquest ruled Monday that a Royal Air Force mechanic was killed in 1953 by the poison sarin as part of secret military tests into chemical warfare. 
 Tokyo stocks bounced back slightly Wednesday from sharp losses earlier this week as investors bought select technology blue chips and real estate issues. The U.S. dollar edged higher against the Japanese yen. 
 A British lawyer received a bravery award Friday for saving the lives of seven people trapped by the devastating earthquake in the Iranian city of Bam last year _ and said the honor has helped her to come to terms with the tragedy. 
 Japan and the Philippines have agreed on key parts of a free trade pact but need a few more months to put finishing touches on the landmark accord between the World War II foes, officials said Tuesday. 
 Tokyo fell Monday morning after a weak performance on Wall Street Friday. The U.S. dollar was up against the Japanese yen. 
 The Latvian government on Tuesday rejected the citizenship application by one of the leading campaigners against a divisive school language law who was tipped as a likely candidate for Riga mayor. 
 The fate of an overhaul of U.S. intelligence agencies rests with President George W. Bush, who must exert more pressure on holdout Republicans if he wants compromise legislation to pass this year, a lead Senate negotiator said Sunday. 
 The five drivers locked in the closest championship race in NASCAR's history have a single, simple goal in Sunday's Southern 500: win. 
 Former Olympic long jump champion Ivan Pedroso anticipates a long career ahead of him, and that he will continue his quest for a fifth world championship next year in Finland. 
 Three U.N. workers kidnapped three weeks ago in the Afghan capital remain out of reach, a government official said Thursday, as the world body appealed anew for their release. 
 More than 500 candidates will compete for 120 parliamentary seats in elections next month, newspapers said Wednesday, but none will represent opposition parties, which have been barred from running and have urged voters to boycott the polls. 
 Dutchman Gianni Romme won the men's 5,000 meters and Jennifer Rodriguez of the United States took the women's 1,500 in the season-opening World Cup speedskating meet Sunday. 
 Former U.S. President Bill Clinton had lunch Monday with Dominican President Leonel Fernandez during an unannounced visit to the Caribbean nation, officials said. 
 The brother of notorious serial killer Ivan Milat _ convicted of murdering seven young backpackers _ says he believes his disgraced sibling lacked any conscience from a very young age. 
 Forward Magnus Kahnberg scored Sweden's third penalty Saturday to give Tre Kronor a 3-2 victory over the Czech Republic in the four-nation Karjala Tournament. 
 U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell embarked on a mission to revive Middle East diplomacy after the death of Yasser Arafat, hoping Israel will help with the upcoming Palestinian election and aiming to parlay that into a resumption of peace talks. 
 Russian oil giant Yukos is "close to insolvency" and will call an emergency shareholders meeting for next month to consider possible bankruptcy in the wake of nearly US$10 billion (euro7.9 billion) in new tax bills from Russian authorities, the company's chief executive said Wednesday. 
 During his nearly four years as attorney general, John Ashcroft was a willing lightning rod for critics who said his get-tough policies for thwarting terrorists infringed on the rights of innocent people. 
 From David Beckham to Roger Moore to Tony Blair, London is rolling out the big names to promote its campaign for the 2012 Olympics. 
 Former West Bromwich Albion manager Gary Megson has applied for the job at neighbor Wolves even though he won't say whether he wants the position. 
 Gold bullion opened Tuesday at a bid price of US$432.88 a troy ounce, down from US$433.40 late Monday. 
 Security forces arrested a top Islamist leader in Mauritania on Tuesday, one day after a government minister accused Islamic hard-liners in the country of distributing fake photos of tortured prisoners to the media. 
 Ireland's ceremonial head of state, President Mary McAleese, was sworn in for a second term Thursday and pledged to make community-building a major theme of her next seven years in office. 
 Kurt Busch has learned a lot during his four years in stock-car racing's top series. He just hopes that knowledge is enough to carry him and his Roush Racing team to a NASCAR Nextel Cup championship. 
 Anthony Summers shot a six-under-par 66 on Thursday to lead the inaugural Vietnam Masters after the first round. 
 Security guards opened fire Sunday on a crowd protesting the U.S. military's detention of a woman in eastern Afghanistan for suspected al-Qaida links, killing a boy and injuring a man, officials said. 
 Australia and New Zealand should sign a nonagression pact with Southeast Asian nations to ease suspicions about the two Oceania countries as they prepare for greater economic integration with Southeast Asia, officials urged Saturday. 
 Retired U.S. Gen. Tommy Franks, who commanded last year's invasion of Iraq, said Thursday the assault on the Iraqi city of Fallujah would mark the beginning of the end of the war. 
 Air Force Secretary James Roche resigned and the Senate confirmed defense industry executive Francis J. Harvey as secretary of the Army, the service's top civilian post. 
 The U.S. dollar was mixed against most other major currencies in European trading Thursday. Gold was also mixed. 
 Stepping up a crackdown on corruption, Malaysia's ruling party on Wednesday suspended 16 members, including a lawmaker, on suspicions of buying votes for senior offices, the national news agency reported. 
 World champions Tatiana Navka and Roman Kostomarov won the ice dance to give the home country its third victory in four events at the Cup of Russia on Sunday. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday expressed his condolences following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, and said peace in the Middle East must be the world's highest priority. 
 After just four days on the job, Wally Backman was fired Friday as manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks following revelations that he had been arrested twice and had serious financial problems. 
 In the days since Yasser Arafat arrived in France, a small makeshift shrine of flowers and candles left by well-wishers has sprung up outside the hospital where he's being treated. 
 President George W. Bush sketched a second-term agenda Thursday that includes fighting the worldwide war on terror and seeking tax reform and fundamental changes in pension benefits for the elderly at home. 
 The West Indies Players Association chief accused the national cricket board of trying to exploit the 25 players invited to a training camp this month and instructed them not to sign their contracts. 
 Members of the parliament's human rights committee visited a former Christian warlord in his prison cell for the first time on Saturday and said he is being treated well and is in good health. 
 Most of the presidential election provisional ballots rejected so far in Ohio came from people who were not even registered to vote, election officials said after spending nearly two weeks poring over thousands of disputed votes. 
 Assailants ambushed and wounded a prominent Kosovo businessman in the western part of the province, a police official said Saturday. 
 Share prices rose Tuesday on the London Stock Exchange. 
 President Jacques Chirac of France expressed deep sorrow on Wednesday over the death of United Arab Emirates President Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, describing him as a "man of peace and vision." 
 A magnitude 5.0 earthquake early Saturday rocked a region of northern Japan still recovering from a powerful tremor last month that killed 39 people and injured thousands, a news report said. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage. 
 As the main donor to Palestinians and top commercial partner of Israel, Europe could be a major player in pushing to restart the stalled Mideast peace process in the post-Yasser Arafat era. 
 An Iraqi infantry company has started training with the Egyptian army as part an international effort to boost the capabilities of Iraq's fledgling security forces, a U.S. military statement said. 
 A court in Azerbaijan on Friday upheld the sentences of seven opposition leaders convicted of participating in protests over last year's presidential election in the former Soviet republic. 
 A decision on whether Sweden will slash its alcohol taxes by some 40 percent is expected in early spring, Sweden's recently appointed finance minister Paer Nuder said Monday. 
 Raising doubts about its commitment to dispel international distrust, Iran is producing significant quantities of a gas that can be used to make nuclear arms just days before it must stop all work related to uranium enrichment, diplomats said. 
 The number of people in Russia infected with the virus that causes AIDS has risen by more than 10 percent since January, Russia's top AIDS expert said Friday, again underscoring the deadly disease's gathering threat to the country. 
 Heir to the throne Prince Charles accused educators on Tuesday of taking the joy out of learning and trying to turn students into "robots." 
 Two more top officials are leaving the CIA, signaling internal instability at the spy agency as CIA Director Porter Goss gets settled in. 
 The opposition Civic Democratic Party won a landslide victory in the Czech Republic's regional elections on Saturday, handing the Social Democrats' ruling coalition its second consecutive electoral defeat. 
 Three U.N. workers kidnapped in Afghanistan were released unharmed Tuesday after nearly four weeks in captivity, and officials insisted that no deal had been made to secure their freedom. 
 Russia gave final approval to the Kyoto Protocol on global warming as President Vladimir Putin signed legislation ratifying the landmark environmental pact that seeks to slow global warming by reducing greenhouse-gas emissions, the Kremlin said Friday. 
 The Netherlands has donated euro1 million (US$1.2 million) to the International Commission on Missing Persons in Bosnia for the search for missing persons, the commission said Wednesday. 
 U.S. Education Secretary Rod Paige intends to leave his Cabinet position, a Bush administration official told The Associated Press Friday. 
 Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi visits NATO headquarters for the first time Friday as military experts from the Atlantic alliance mull plans to expand a training mission for the country's military. 
 Struggling Italian airliner Alitalia SpA reported a narrower operating loss for its third quarter on Thursday, noting that the improvement came despite higher fuel costs. 
 An arduous quest, the perfect photograph, and it happens in an instant. 
 A Filipino who was among four people abducted in Iraq is believed to be an accountant working for a Saudi Arabian company catering food to American troops, sources said Tuesday. 
 Republicans tightened their grip on the Senate early Wednesday, dealing a crushing defeat to Democratic Leader Tom Daschle in South Dakota and capturing a string of seats across the South. 
 Axel Teichmann's strong finish helped Germany win the men's World Cup cross country ski relay Sunday while Norway, anchored by Marit Bjorgen, took the women's event. 
 China's biggest petroleum company plans to demand compensation from OAO Yukos for losses resulting from the Russian oil giant's suspension of crude shipments, state media reported Monday. 
 Ugandan police released a Roman Catholic priest Friday because they didn't have enough evidence to back up charges he collaborated with rebels in an insurgency that has forced more than 1.5 million people from their homes, a church official said. 
 Royal Bank reported a sharp drop in quarterly profits Tuesday as Canada's largest bank restructured its operations and eliminated 1,660 jobs. 
 Silvio Berlusconi interrupted a state visit at the Kremlin with Russian President Vladimir Putin to issue another edict to his soccer club, AC Milan. 
 Europe's top human rights body called on the Greek government Thursday to develop national legislation prohibiting acts of discrimination toward minorities in Greece, citing an increase in anti-Semitism in the country. 
 A court has ordered a former player for China's national soccer team to pay 2.34 million yuan (US$282,000, euro 230,000) in a lawsuit over a car crash that left a former teammate paralyzed, a newspaper reported Thursday. 
 Two Royal Air Force fighter jets were sent to escort a passenger plane to a British airport after the plane's crew repeatedly failed to contact air traffic controllers, officials said Friday. 
 A minibus swerved to avoid a child and went into a canal, killing 10 people and injuring eight others in northern Egypt on Wednesday, police said. 
 An abortion pill implicated in the death of an 18-year-old California woman last fall will add new warnings linking RU-486 to the risk of serious bacterial infection. 
 Ukraine's Supreme Court met again Tuesday to probe the validity of the bitterly disputed presidential runoff amid rising support for the opposition-demanded revote as a way to avoid splitting this ex-Soviet republic and plunging it further into crisis. 
 Model Sarah O'Hare gave birth Tuesday to the first child of News Corp. executive Lachlan Murdoch, the couple announced in a brief statement. 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a lawsuit accusing the newspaper tycoon Conrad Black and his former top deputy of defrauding shareholders of Hollinger International Inc., a publishing company Black used to run. 
 Presidential assailant John Hinckley has a troubling relationship with a former girlfriend that must be resolved before he can be allowed to spend more time away from a psychiatric hospital, a government expert testified. 
 Two trucks loaded with six tons of medical supplies donated by the Dutch Red Cross organization entered into Iraq on Sunday from the northeastern Syrian border, reported SANA, Syria's official news agency. 
 The crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, who is favored to succeed his father as ruler of the United Arab Emirates, is viewed as a competent administrator but without the late president's charisma. 
 A car bomb exploded in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Monday, injuring one U.S. soldier and 12 Iraqi bystanders, the U.S. military and hospital officials said. 
 Tony Parkes, who has spent 35 years at Blackburn as a player and coach, was dismissed Friday by new manager Mark Hughes. 
 A Bangladeshi karate team has disappeared after arriving in eastern Ukraine for an international championship, an official said Tuesday. 
 Uruguay's candidate to become the next World Trade Organization director-general said Thursday the top job should go to either a Latin American or an African. 
 Police on Wednesday arrested a Moroccan and three Algerians in their investigation into a radical Islamic cell that allegedly plotted to blow up a court and other buildings in Spain, officials said. 
 More than 600 workers at four CNH Global NV plants in the Midwest walked off their jobs over the failure to negotiate a new six-year contract with the maker of farm and construction equipment. 
 Slobodan Milosevic, who is on trial at the U.N. war crimes tribunal, has sent a letter of condolences to the Palestinians over the death of Yasser Arafat, the former president's aides said Friday. 
 U.S. Marines on Sunday reopened the Fallujah bridge where Iraqis strung up the charred bodies of two American contractors in March, with officers calling the span's clearing for traffic a symbolic victory in the fight against Iraq's insurgents. 
 The dollar gained broadly Monday, but traders said it was a calm session with most investors holding onto dollar short positions ahead of Tuesday's neck-and-neck U.S. presidential election. 
 Brazilian troops serving in Haiti as part of the United Nations peacekeeping force will remain there until the Caribbean nation elects a new president and government, Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said on Monday. 
 Mexico and Cuba are exploring new ways to discuss the prickly issue of human rights without creating political blowups, a Mexican official said Friday. 
 A video purportedly showing a suicide attack against British troops last week was posted on an Islamic Web site. 
 International experts who visited a Moldovan steel factory said employees and residents had not been exposed to dangerous radiation levels during the melting of radioactive materials there, officials said Thursday. 
 Seeking to take advantage of the momentum from an election where moral values proved important to voters, a prominent religious broadcaster announced he has formed a new coalition to guide an "evangelical revolution." 
 Vivendi Universal SA said revenue fell 20 percent in the third quarter largely because of the sale of its entertainment assets to General Electric Co.'s NBC. 
 Today is Monday, November 15, the 319th day of 2004. There are 46 days left in the year. 
 Efforts to impeach embattled President Lucio Gutierrez collapsed Wednesday when opposition leaders were unable to muster enough votes in Congress to begin an investigation of claims of corruption. 
 Austrian authorities on Tuesday raised the wreckage of a boat that struck a barge and sank in the Danube River last week, but officials said it did not contain the bodies of four passengers who are missing and presumed dead. 
 Baghdad's international airport was closed to all traffic Tuesday after a shoulder-fired missile was first at a transport plane, U.S. officials said. 
 Australians on Sunday commemorated the efforts of a British explorer whose tenacity prevented their country being named New Holland or Terra Australis. 
 George Clooney is suffering from a ruptured disk that kept him from promoting his new film, "Ocean's Twelve," this week. 
 With just six days before the final vote in Ukraine's tense and crucial presidential election, the two candidates who finished neck-and-neck in the first round of voting faced off in their first televised debate Monday, with millions of Ukrainians expected to tune in. 
 India's prime minister has ordered a reduction in troops in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir this winter, citing a decline in separatist violence in the disputed Himalayan territory. 
 A man charged with threatening the life of Vice President Dick Cheney at a campaign rally was denied bond Wednesday. 
 Gunmen on Saturday opened fire at two police pickup trucks carrying prisoners in an area northeast of Baghdad, killing one policeman and injuring four, police said. 
 Two moderate earthquakes rattled an area in northern Japan still recovering from last month's magnitude 6.8 earthquake, the Meteorological Agency said Monday. 
 More than 60 previous winners of the Right Livelihood award, also known as the "alternative Nobel" prize, on Friday called for a complete investigation into the poisoning death of an Indonesian human rights activist. 
 Saudi police have arrested three suspected militants in possession of weapons and ammunition as part of the ongoing crackdown on Islamic extremists in the kingdom, an Interior Ministry statement said. 
 A roadside bomb blast on Thursday in the South Waziristan tribal region killed at least six Pakistani soldiers and injured 10 others, some seriously, army officials said. 
 German drugmaker Schering AG said Tuesday it plans to cut 1,250 jobs globally by the end of 2005 as part of a plan to increase efficiency. 
 A French player with Vietnamese roots failed to impress soccer coaches in Vietnam and was not selected for the national squad ahead of the Southeast Asia Tiger Cup, an official said Tuesday. 
 Hundreds of drivers were trapped in their cars for hours in a giant traffic jam sparked by heavy snowfall, a news agency reported Thursday. 
 Gold bullion opened Tuesday at a bid price of US$450.90 a troy ounce, down from US$453.10 late Monday. 
 Thousands of veterans, military personnel, dignitaries and onlookers gathered in cities across Australia on Thursday to honor the country's fallen soldiers, 86 years after the guns fell silent at the end of World War I. 
 Tajik authorities banned distribution Friday of the latest edition of an independent newspaper amid what critics have called a government campaign to silence the opposition ahead of parliamentary elections next year. 
 Shoppers now crowd Venezuela's shopping malls, two years after they were padlocked amid a national strike against President Hugo Chavez. The economy is robust once again. The mass demonstrations that paralyzed the capital are no more. 
 The leaders of Sri Lanka and India on Thursday discussed Sri Lanka's fragile peace process with the Tamil Tiger rebels and Indian military assistance to the island nation, a foreign ministry spokesman said. 
 The U.S. dollar sank to a 4 1/2 year low against the yen and flirted with a record low against the euro in European trading Friday after comments by U.S. Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan on America's trade gap and foreign demand for the greenback. 
 A head-on collision between a truck loaded with cooking gas cylinders and a bus carrying 21 farm workers left 19 people dead in central Brazil on Wednesday morning, police said. 
 Kazakhstan's newly elected legislature on Wednesday chose a deputy from the ruling Otan party to be parliament speaker. 
 Russia's Constitutional Court on Tuesday rejected a suit by the republic of Tatarstan seeking to use the Latin alphabet for the Tatar language, news agencies reported. 
 Members of about 80 evangelical churches demanded Tuesday that the Honduran government strip three homosexual rights groups of their legal standing. 
 The father of an Australian cowboy accused of fighting alongside Afghanistan's ousted Taliban forces on Thursday welcomed a delay in his son's trial, expected to give David Hicks' defense team more time to collect evidence and interview witnesses. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing a string of Democratic seats across the South. Democratic leader Tom Daschle struggled for political survival in South Dakota. 
 Russia coach Georgy Yartsev announced a preliminary 26-man roster Friday for the World Cup qualifier against Estonia later this month. 
 A top Palestinian official said Saturday there is no evidence that Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat, but called for an investigation into the cause of death of the Palestinian leader. 
 A man demanding media attention took a female employee hostage at the Mexican Consulate in Los Angeles Tuesday before he was wounded by police outside the building. The hostage escaped unharmed. 
 Bobby Frank Cherry, convicted of killing four black girls in a racially motivated bombing of a Birmingham church in 1963, died Thursday in prison. He was 74. 
 The dollar exited the week near its all-time low against the euro and a seven-month low against the yen, slipping despite positive U.S. economic news and weak data from Europe and Japan. 
 Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas' office in this West Bank city used to be so empty of visitors that Abbas himself rarely bothered to show up. 
 California High Speed Rail Authority officials unveiled a tentative map Wednesday of routes for a proposed statewide bullet train _ a $35 billion (euro27 billion) project they hope to begin building in 2008. 
 The U.N. Security Council has postponed voting on a resolution that would threaten sanctions against Ivory Coast unless it resurrects peace efforts with rebel forces. 
 The most popular driver opened the year with a win in the biggest race of them all, and the most hated driver closed the season by taking home the only trophy that really matters. 
 Tokyo stocks advanced Monday morning as the U.S. dollar strengthened against the Japanese yen and the Europe's single currency. 
 Burning incense fogs the humid pre-dawn air as people gather at a Chinese shrine for Phuket's annual Vegetarian Festival, which despite its benign name is a gruesome ritual. 
 Unidentified assailants riding on a motorcycle fatally shot an off-duty paramilitary officer in the southern port city of Karachi Tuesday, police said. 
 An international press freedom group on Wednesday urged Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko to end what it called a "campaign against independent media." 
 David Moore was named the West Indies cricket team's assistant coach, joining fellow Australian Bennett King on the staff. 
 Prime Minister Ariel Sharon described Yasser Arafat's death Thursday as a turning point for the Middle East as Israelis marked the end of an era in relations with the Palestinians. 
 Share prices rose Thursday on the London Stock Exchange. 
 The Bosnian Serb president appealed Friday to all war-crimes suspects hiding on his territory to surrender, in order to save the existence of his ministate. 
 Australia's opposition leader Mark Latham accepted responsibility Tuesday for his Labor Party's disastrous defeat at national elections last month. 
 A British rights group alleged Friday that a prominent Indonesian human rights activist who died during a flight to Amsterdam was poisoned to death. 
 Latvia's state police arrested four Latvian men sought for their part in a two-year string of bank robberies in the German state of Lower Saxony, an official said Tuesday. 
 Green-bereted troops of the French Foreign Legion and other French forces were pulling back from strategic positions in Ivory Coast's commercial capital Tuesday, easing security after unprecedented, deadly confrontations between France and its former star African colony. 
 Japanese automaker Honda says it plans to meet growing demand in China by boosting production at one of its two car-assembly plants there. 
 A popular Web site that predicts the outcome of the U.S. presidential election based on polling data projects a victory for Democratic challenger John Kerry. 
 Former FIFA player of the year George Weah returned to war-scarred Liberia on Wednesday to launch a presidential bid in his hero-hungry homeland. 
 A passenger bus plunged 150 meters (495 feet) off a mountain highway in Peru's southern Andes, killing 17 people and injuring 36 others, police said. 
 Protection of wounded combatants once they are out of action is a basic rule in the universally accepted treaty on warfare, but issues of self-defense could also apply in the fatal shooting of a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi in Fallujah, international legal experts said Tuesday. 
 Italian authorities seized 40 guns with silencers and laser sights Monday, arresting two Bulgarians who were allegedly trying to smuggle the weapons into Italy in the gas tank of a car, police said. 
 Mourning the loss of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leadership ordered that preparations for new presidential elections start immediately and appealed to the United States to take an active role in securing a vote in 60 days. 
 Several dozen cars are scrambling from India to Indonesia in a road rally to promote trade and cultural ties and show that the region can be navigated by automobile. 
 Third-seeded Maria Sharapova of Russia moved into the quarterfinals of the Advanta Tennis Championships on Wednesday when Jelena Kostenic of Croatia was forced to retire in the third set because of a strained groin. 
 A jailed human rights activist is on a hunger strike to press for the release of 13 people who were arrested last month during demonstrations in his support, his wife said Tuesday. 
 Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic questioned his first witness at the U.N. war crimes tribunal Tuesday, after winning a battle for the right to lead his own defense. 
 The Iraqi government brushed aside Sunni Muslim demands to delay the Jan. 30 election, and a spokesman for the majority Shiite community called the date "nonnegotiable." Insurgents stepped up attacks, blasting U.S. patrols in Baghdad and killing a U.S. soldier north of the capital. 
 Pope John Paul II told Ukrainians Wednesday he was praying in a "special way" for Ukraine, which has been convulsed this week with protests over its disputed presidential election. 
 The prosecution began final arguments Monday in the case of an Air India jumbo jet bombing that killing 329 people almost 20 years ago, saying the two men accused in the Canadian trial were guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. 
 Canadian paint maker Sico Inc. has sold its stake in an underperforming French joint venture in a move to boost profits and focus on the North American market. 
 A former top French spymaster on Thursday said the threat of global terrorism, rooted in part in the spread of the Internet, will likely persist for the next 40 years. 
 Fathi Arafat, a brother of ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, is receiving treatment at a Cairo hospital for cancer in an advanced stage, hospital officials said Tuesday. 
 Seemingly unfazed by a U.S. warning, residents of Europe's Nordic and Baltic countries paid little heed Monday to vague threats about a possible terror attack against Americans in the region. 
 Juan Carlos Ferrero, Carlos Moya, Rafael Nadal and Tommy Robredo will make up the Spanish side that takes on the United States in the Davis Cup final next month, the captains of the Spanish team said Tuesday 
 When Gov. Ernie Fletcher signed a death warrant for a convicted killer this month, he may have done more than start the clock ticking on an execution. Some say Fletcher, a doctor, may have put his medical license at risk. 
 A Thai court has released on bail a policeman accused of gunning down a young British couple earlier this year, sparking fears that he might try to intimidate witnesses, a prosecuting lawyer said Wednesday. 
 Congress sent President George W. Bush an $800 billion (euro614 billion) boost in the federal borrowing limit on Thursday, spotlighting how the budget has lurched out of control in recent years and how hard it will be to afford future initiatives. 
 Graham Henry and Steve Hansen spent years trying to turn around the fortunes of the Welsh national rugby team and make it capable of beating the likes of New Zealand. 
 Stephen Ames may live in Canada, but he's not a big fan of chilly weather. 
 President Jacques Chirac's visit Wednesday to Libya was headed for a rocky start, with a disagreement between his government and Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi over French intervention in Ivory Coast. 
 While President George W. Bush is busy putting together his Cabinet for a second term, the financial world's attention is on a job vacancy 14 months away: Who will succeed Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan? 
 Apart from President George W. Bush's reassurances of unwavering support for Palestinian statehood, there is little his administration is set to do in the short term to try to break the Middle East deadlock. 
 Group Menatep Ltd., the main shareholder of embattled oil company Yukos, threatened international litigation against President Vladimir Putin over the government-led legal assault that has stunted the value of Russia's biggest oil producer by some 82 percent. 
 Federal Reserve policy-makers encouraged by the U.S. economy's performance may bump up interest rates again in December _ a fifth time this year _ and will continue to tighten credit in 2005, economists predict. 
 Finnish escalator and elevator maker Kone Corp. said Monday it has completed plans to split the company into two different firms. 
 Former Manchester United, Aston Villa and Chelsea goalkeeper Mark Bosnich admits he still sometimes takes cocaine, despite denying he'd used drugs before he was banned from the England's Premier League for nine months last year. 
 U.N. peacekeepers and the World Food Program will launch emergency airlifts of food on Saturday for thousands of refugees flooding into Liberia to escape what they say are growing clashes in Ivory Coast. 
 Japanese international Yoshito Okubo said Monday he is headed to Spanish club Mallorca on a six-month loan after his team, J-League side Cerezo Osaka, agreed to a transfer. 
 A juror in the Scott Peterson murder trial who apparently did her own research on the case was removed and replaced with an alternate, and the judge ordered the panel to start all over again with their deliberations. 
 Luxury automaker BMW saw its earnings rise 7.6 percent in the third quarter, the company said Wednesday, boosted by new models such as the X3 sport utility vehicle and the 6-series coupe. 
 An aide to radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr urged Iraqi soldiers and police not to fight alongside U.S. forces in Fallujah. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 102.78 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Monday, up 0.26 yen from late Friday. 
 Japan's education minister has praised recent history textbooks that reduce references to the country's past atrocities, including the military's use of sex slaves, news reports said Sunday. 
 Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen says he didn't have a conflict with former coach Jacques Santini. 
 Some people have a genetic variation that may help them resist the human form of mad cow disease, a study in mice suggests. But when infection does occur the disease takes a different form, meaning there may be unrecognized cases in the population, British researchers say. 
 Draw Monday for the Confederations Cup, June 15-29, 2005 in Germany: 
 The mirror-like, curving steel walls of the Walt Disney Concert Hall may soon lose some of their luster. 
 The state's insurance commissioner gave his blessing Tuesday to a $16.4 billion (euro12.7 billion) merger that would create the largest health insurance company in the United States after wringing hundreds of millions of dollars out of the companies. 
 Seeking to bolster its credentials on global warming, the United States signed an agreement with 13 other nations that calls for investing up to $53 million (euro41 million) in companies that will profitably control emissions of methane, a greenhouse gas. 
 Any night that opens with Mikhail Baryshnikov center stage can't be all bad, even if he's wearing wing tips instead of ballet slippers. 
 While little girls gleefully wear Cinderella's gown, don Jasmine's slippers or otherwise play with toys from the panoply of Disney Princess characters, little boys are not clamoring for Prince Charming merchandise. 
 Forget about trying to call Finns or Danes when they're at a party, as they're unlikely to answer, a new study of communication habits released Sunday shows. 
 Two senior Vietnamese executives from a state-owned fuel company have been arrested in a corruption scandal allegedly involving illegal gasoline imports, a state-controlled newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 The government denied a news report Monday that said Britain's military chiefs have requested permission to withdraw an 850-strong British battalion that was moved to central Iraq to support U.S. forces in their attack on Fallujah. 
 The U.S. dollar was mostly lower against other major currencies in European trading Thursday. Gold rose. 
 A new draft resolution circulated within the Security Council urges warring parties in southern Sudan and western Darfur province to reach peace agreements while promising international support and possible debt forgiveness if they do. 
 Singer Marc Almond says he hopes to make a full recovery from injuries sustained in a motorcycle crash last month. 
 A court convicted five people in connection with a string of terror attacks that left dozens dead in Uzbekistan earlier this year, amid allegations that they had been tortured to confess, an international rights group said Thursday. 
 Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told his Cabinet on Sunday that he won't rule out the possibility of allowing Palestinians living in disputed east Jerusalem to vote in upcoming Palestinian elections, meeting participants said. 
 When Paula Radcliffe dropped out of the Olympic marathon 5 1/2 kilometers from the finish, she sobbed uncontrollably. 
 Texas researchers say they have perfected a method to deliver cancer treatment directly into tumors, bypassing healthy tissue. 
 The High Court agreed Wednesday to continue a 50-yard (45-meter) "no-harassment" zone around Oxford University's premises to protect against activists protesting the institution's plans for a research center to experiment on animals. 
 From advocating for gay rights to pushing for stem cell research, life beyond the New Jersey governorship appears to be full of possibilities for James E. McGreevey. 
 Mijailo Mijailovic, the confessed killer of Foreign Minister Anna Lindh, sat stone-faced and silent in the Supreme Court on Wednesday as Swedish prosecutors argued he should be in prison and not psychiatric care. 
 Real Madrid coach Mariano Garcia Remon has asked Sven-Goran Eriksson to limit David Beckham's play in England's upcoming international friendly against Spain, news agency Efe reported Saturday. 
 The bodies of two workers missing after a pipeline explosion were recovered after two days of delays, bringing the number of people killed in the accident to five. 
 President Vaira Vike-Freiberga on Friday rejected a bill passed by lawmakers that would have let the government decide, in some cases, what language would be used in radio and television broadcasts. 
 Kazakh authorities have handed over to Uzbek officials three suspects in a string of terror attacks in Uzbekistan earlier this year that left dozens dead, a police official said Tuesday. 
 Tiger Woods is taking a swing at the builder of his luxury yacht "Privacy," accusing the shipyard in a lawsuit of using his name and photograph for financial gain without permission. 
 A top Kremlin envoy on Friday criticized protesters who had seized a regional leader's office in southern Russia and warned that federal authorities wouldn't tolerate any further attempts to settle political disputes by force. 
 The United States has been stripped of its 1,600 relay gold medal from the 2003 World Championships after Calvin Harrison's second doping violation, the world governing body of athletics said on Sunday. 
 The London 2012 Olympic bid committee released a "futuristic" proposal for its Olympic Park on Monday, inspired by the human form. 
 A joint operation by Iraqi police and National Guards in Baghdad and central Babil province will be launched this week against insurgents operating in a belt of cities south of the capital, police said Sunday. 
 A Polish military official downplayed the effect that Hungary's withdrawal of its 300 troops from Iraq will have on the international security force, saying Friday their duties for the Polish-led contingent will be picked up by existing troops. 
 Three decades after she was imprisoned and tortured on a remote island, Mireya Garcia is finally getting some reparation, following the recognition by the Chilean state that she and thousands more were tortured under the military dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet. 
 The government must inform its citizens about atrocities committed in Romania against Jews and Gypsies during World War II, the director of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum said Friday. 
 THE SCENE: Around the country, day laborers hang out on corners, waiting for someone to offer them work in construction, landscaping and home improvement. 
 A tanker spilled 30,000 gallons (115,000 liters) of crude oil into the Delaware River between Philadelphia and southern New Jersey, creating a 20-mile-long (32-kilometer-long) slick that threatened fish and birds, Coast Guard officials said Saturday. 
 Still recovering from a chest infection, Monaco's 81-year-old ruler Prince Rainier III said Tuesday he must skip national day ceremonies this week on advice from his doctors. 
 The Ugandan government on Wednesday dismissed a rebel offer for peace talks, saying it will continue military and psychological operations against the insurgents whose attacks have forced more than 1.5 million to flee their homes. 
 Australia's Adam Scott won $50,000 and two skins on the second hole Saturday, then he, Tiger Woods, Annika Sorenstam and Fred Couples left $250,000 out on the golf course during the next seven holes of the Skins Game. 
 Pauleta and Edouard Cisse netted brilliant goals Sunday to give Paris Saint-Germain its seventh straight win over rival Marseille, 2-1, while Lille closed in on leader Lyon in the French league. 
 Two-time champion Gremio was relegated to the Brazilian league's second division Sunday despite overcoming a three-goal deficit to draw 3-3 with leader Atletico Paranaense. 
 Ukrainians see themselves as the most miserable people in Europe, according to a worldwide survey _ a dismal self-assessment ahead of Sunday's presidential election. 
 British troops will go to the Ivory Coast to assist in the evacuation of British citizens, Secretary of Defense Geoff Hoon said Thursday. 
 Ian Rush could be the next Wales manager. 
 Police in the capital on Tuesday arrested three Tamil men who they suspected might be Tiger rebels amid escalating violence that threatens to derail Sri Lanka's faltering peace process. 
 Emlyn Hughes, the former England and Liverpool captain who was one of the greatest English soccer players of his generation, died Tuesday of a brain tumor. He was 57. 
 Pittsburgh Penguins winger Matt Bradley signed a one-month contract with Austrian second division team Dornbirn Bulldogs, becoming the latest National Hockey League player to join a European team during the NHL lockout, a club official said Wednesday. 
 Lawmakers agreed Friday to provide enough money to keep alive plans for a nuclear waste dump in Nevada, but they delayed trying to resolve a dispute over radiation protection that could doom the project if not resolved. 
 Defending champion Amelie Mauresmo advanced to the quarterfinals at the Advanta Tennis Championships, defeating Iveta Benesova of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-2. 
 President Yoweri Museveni congratulated U.S. President George W. Bush on his re-election Thursday, saying he looks forward to continued support for Uganda's efforts to combat poverty and HIV/AIDS. 
 The European Union urged Turkey Wednesday to accelerate legal reforms if it wants EU leaders to decide next month to open membership talks with Ankara. 
 Embattled insurance broker Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc. said Thursday that five members of its board of directors _ all of them executives of the company _ are leaving the board. 
 German sports car maker Porsche on Monday withdrew a lawsuit against the operator of the country's main stock exchange that had sought admission to the market's upper segment without having to issue quarterly earnings reports. 
 The death toll from a devastating fire stood at 26 after emergency workers finished clearing up the ruins of a wooden apartment building that burned to the ground in Siberia, officials said Saturday. 
 It's official _ Swiss cheese is the best in the world. 
 Far from finding a communist paradise, four American soldiers suspected of deserting to North Korea in the 1960s were forced to live together in a tiny house under constant surveillance, to scrounge for food and to study the works of "Great Leader" Kim Il Sung for up to 16 hours a day. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday overturned the death sentence of a convicted Texas killer because jurors in his trial did not consider his learning disability and other evidence. 
 Saying the city had created its "own little Guantanamo on the Hudson" during the Republican National Convention, a lawyer filed a lawsuit on behalf of nearly 2,000 people arrested at demonstrations. 
 Beijing has approved a feasibility plan for Mercedes Benz to begin making sedans in the city in a joint venture with local partner BAIC Ltd., the Chinese company said Tuesday. 
 A court convicted four former East German border guards Tuesday as accessories to murder in the deaths of citizens trying to flee to West Germany. 
 The head of the breakaway Turkish Cypriot state's administration said Tuesday he is open to a possible re-negotiation of a U.N. plan to reunite this Mediterranean island. 
 In a prime-time television outburst, former U.S. President Bill Clinton attacked old nemesis Kenneth Starr and spoke disdainfully of a national media that he suggested was complicit in a scheme to ruin his presidency. 
 In Europe, it's hard for some to think of Condoleezza Rice without recalling the low points in trans-Atlantic relations that grew out of the war in Iraq. 
 When the cafe at former President Bill Clinton's presidential library opens Monday, the public will finally have the chance to enjoy the chocolate chip cookies his wife didn't stay home to make. 
 Gold bullion opened Wednesday at a bid price of US$420.65 a troy ounce, down from US$420.80 late Tuesday. 
 Brazilian striker Robinho said Wednesday he plans to stay with Santos but won't play until his mother is released by kidnappers. 
 Shares in Russia's No.1 oil producer, Yukos, plummeted Tuesday on news that tax authorities had served the company with fresh back tax bills for nearly US$10 billion (euro7.9 billion), bringing the company's total tax debt to some US$17.6 billion (euro13.9 billion). 
 With Fort Benning preparing for its largest troop expansion since the Vietnam War, barber Anthony Brock figures he'll be giving a lot more GI haircuts, or at least he'll have a steady stream of customers even when major units deploy for combat. 
 Masked gunmen on Tuesday assassinated a Sunni cleric north of Baghdad, police said _ the second such killing in as many days. 
 Twenty American soldiers were wounded Saturday when they were were rammed by a suicide car bomber driving an Iraqi police vehicle in the insurgent stronghold of Ramadi west of Baghdad, the U.S. military said. 
 The government declared a state of emergency in eight Colombian states which have been flooded amid continued torrential rains that have killed 17 people and damaged 190,000 shops and homes, authorities said Thursday. 
 Who knew two SS Minnows were shipwrecked on a deserted island in a terrible storm? 
 Celebrated opera singer Willard White took another kind of bow Wednesday, bending before Queen Elizabeth II as she awarded him a knighthood. 
 A small boat bearing 12 Cubans landed on Honduras' Caribbean coast Tuesday, and the four women and eight men were taken to a local hospital for treatment of exhaustion and dehydration. 
 A man once suspected in the deaths of seven women was arrested on federal charges the moment he stepped out of prison after serving 10 years for check forgery, the FBI said. 
 The Twentieth Century Fox studio, a veteran of the big screen and the TV screen, is about to break into an entirely new realm: the really little screen, the kind that comes on a cell phone. 
 After years of legal tussling, Nirvana's much-anticipated box set can finally introduce hundreds of thousands of fans to rare recordings and even living-room video of the groundbreaking grunge rockers. 
 Diana Ross looked every inch the diva as she pulled up to Musictech College in a black stretch limo and got out wrapped in a thick fur coat and wearing dark sunglasses. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Sunday's Round 10 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 John Rios voted for only the second time in his life _ for President George W. Bush _ and he didn't much like the experience at the polls. 
 A top-level Bosnian Serb delegation arrives in Belgrade on Monday to seek extradition of nearly a dozen Bosnian Serb war crimes suspects sought by the U.N. tribunal and believed to be hiding in Serbia. 
 The European Union said Wednesday it is still hopeful of ending a dispute that's holding up international cooperation on the world's first nuclear fusion plant despite the failure of latest talks on the US$12 billion project. 
 The Pentagon said it has asked the Government Accountability Office to investigate a wide range of Air Force contracts that involved Darleen Druyun, a former senior official who has admitted giving special treatment to Boeing Co. 
 With the crisis in Ukraine as a backdrop, liberal Russian newspapers on Monday slammed Kremlin policy toward its former Soviet satellites, saying it was counterproductive and would hurt Russia in the long run. 
 Yasser Arafat's weighty medical dossier is inconclusive on the cause of the Palestinian leader's death but the blame still lies with Israel, his nephew said. 
 Zoning in on a diagnosis for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died Thursday from an undisclosed illness, should have been a fairly straightforward task, medical experts say. 
 An Indian software exporter said Tuesday it was hiring programmers in eastern Europe and has set up a development center in the Hungarian capital. 
 Iraqi border patrols have arrested 203 Afghans who illegally crossed into the country from neighboring Iran, a border official said said Monday. 
 British students suspected of hiding weapons would be forced to undergo body searches under plans outlined by the government Thursday. 
 Stocks were mixed in quiet trading Monday, with blue chip and tech shares rising only modestly despite lower oil prices and several mergers and acquisitions, including Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co.'s $1.5 billion bid for several candy brands from Kraft Foods Inc. 
 A candidate in Abkhazia's disputed election on Sunday refused to accept a senior position in his rival's administration, as tensions persisted in the breakaway Georgian province. 
 Chelsea needed extra-time goals from substitutes Eidur Gudjohnsen and Arjen Robben to beat Newcastle 2-0 and reach the League Cup quarterfinals on Wednesday, while defending champion Middlesbrough was eliminated by Liverpool. 
 A glance at the posts and personalities in the new European Commission which takes office Monday, Nov. 22: 
 EDITOR'S NOTE: The latest assault on the computing public seeks not to destroy but rather to suck processing power and exploit like a greedy parasite. This is the first story in a two-part series on the spyware epidemic and how to fight it. 
 Former England striker Stan Collymore says he was beaten up by six rugby union players after one of them racially abused him at a night club. 
 A drug dealer and his accomplices killed five members of a wealthy family to take over their business, then buried the bodies in a mass grave, prosecutors alleged Wednesday in a London court. 
 An attorney for Oracle Corp. says the company will abandon its legal challenge to PeopleSoft Inc.'s antitakeover protections if shareholders fail to tender a majority of their shares by a Nov. 19 deadline. 
 A posting on an Islamist Web site warned Iraqis to stay at home Wednesday in Baghdad and other cities or they would be "putting their lives in danger." 
 The government ordered U.S. airlines Friday to turn over personal information about passengers so it can test a system for identifying potential terrorists. The move was expected but nonetheless brought protests from civil libertarians worried about invasions of privacy. 
 The Workers Party of President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on Monday licked its wounds after election losses in key cities but looked ahead to 2006 _ and a possible second term for Silva. 
 The defense minister of Poland, which commands an international force in Iraq, said Tuesday that the withdrawal of 300 Hungarian soldiers would be a "serious problem" to the 6,000-strong security contingent. 
 Lufthansa canceled 30 of 40 flights between Paris and Germany on Monday because of strikes by the airline's ground crew at Paris' main airport, a spokeswoman said. 
 French troops clashed with soldiers and angry mobs after Ivory Coast warplanes killed at least nine French peacekeepers and an American civilian in an airstrike _ mayhem that threatened to draw foreign troops deeper into the West African country's escalating civil war. 
 A former sports and culture minister was arrested Saturday on charges of embezzling 11 million kwatcha (US$101,000; euro78,000), the latest in a string of corruption cases targeting senior members of former President Bakili Muluzi's administration. 
 One U.S. soldier was killed and two others were wounded in an attack in Baghdad Friday, the U.S. military said. 
 New Zealand's cricket squad will lack top-class fast bowlers when they face world champions Australia this month. 
 The U.S. economy could be headed for slower growth in the next several months, according to a report released Thursday by a private research group. A separate report showed a drop in weekly claims for unemployment benefits. 
 Switzerland's justice minister Wednesday dismissed criticism of the way the country's intelligence-gathering and law-enforcement services dealt with an alleged Islamic terrorist chief. 
 Indignant conservative groups are protesting this week's opening of the film "Kinsey," denouncing it as propaganda seeking to glorify the researcher they blame for inspiring the sexual revolution. 
 An estimated 600 insurgents have been killed since the start of the battle of Fallujah on Monday night, the U.S. military said Thursday. 
 Cingular, the US-based corporation that acquired AT&T Wireless last month, announced Tuesday it would expand operations into eight Caribbean islands next year. 
 Michael Kreissl, a former official of Austria's rightist Freedom Party who was implicated in a scandal involving allegations of domestic spying, died Sunday. He was 46. 
 Arnold Schwarzenegger is an old pro at promoting stuff in Japan. He's pitched beer, instant noodles, even "energy drinks." Well, he's back. And the Japanese are still eating him up. 
 The father of a British backpacker missing in Australia choked back tears Wednesday as he made an emotional plea for her to make contact with her family. 
 Police fired tear gas and swung batons Thursday to break up a protest by hundreds denouncing the arrest of three Islamist leaders accused of distributing fake torture photos of jailed prisoners. 
 Croatia's Foreign Ministry said Thursday it was investigating whether a businessman hired to work in its New York consulate was involved in illegal activities while working for the U.S. pharmaceutical giant Pfizer. 
 A mortar attack Tuesday on a U.S. base in northern Iraq killed two American soldiers, the U.S. military said. 
 High oil prices pose a potential danger to Russia's economy, President Vladimir Putin said in an interview published Friday. 
 Australian skipper Ricky Ponting slammed the crumbling track on which his team crashed to a 13-run defeat Friday after being bundled out for 93 runs in its second innings of the fourth and final test match against India. 
 A top Chechen rebel envoy disavowed a statement by wanted warlord Shamil Basayev, saying that Basayev was "naive" to think terror attacks would force a political solution to the war-ravaged republic's problems. 
 About 25,000 protesters opposed to U.S. President George W. Bush, the war in Iraq and unfettered capitalism marched through the Chilean capital just before the American president arrived for a summit of Pacific Rim leaders. 
 Thousands of Cambodian farmers and villagers waved their country's flag and portraits of their new king, who traveled to a rural school Saturday to urge his people to come together and rebuild a land battered by decades of poverty and war. 
 Mahmoud Abbas, a former prime minister and a veteran peace negotiator, was elected chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization within hours of Yasser Arafat's death Thursday, putting him on a track to become the next leader of the Palestinians. 
 A senior naval officer was named the new head of Greece's armed forces Friday, the defense ministry said. 
 The second day of voting in Namibia's presidential and parliamentary elections saw the flow of voters slow to a trickle Tuesday. 
 Former prime minister, Costas Simitis, on Tuesday sharply rejected charges that Greece joined the euro after submitting false data to the European Union. 
 Russia's Finance Ministry is recommending early payment of much of the country's foreign debt, using the surplus from a government emergency fund, a senior official said Tuesday. 
 Britain is testing the health of thousands of soldiers who fought in Iraq, defense officials said Thursday, as research into Gulf War illnesses continues. 
 Military personnel accused in two failed assassination attempts against Pakistan's President Gen. Pervez Musharraf will be tried by a military court soon, an official said Thursday. 
 Swedish football club Djurgarden qualified for next season's UEFA Cup after beating IFK Goteborg in the Swedish Cup final. 
 Russian authorities have detained two residents of the southern province of Ingushetia on suspicion of being linked to terrorists who held more than 1,000 people hostage in a school in September, officials said Thursday. 
 Slovenia has asked the United States to extradite a man charged here with fraud, the Justice Ministry said Tuesday. 
 Insurgents fired mortars near a U.S. base north of Baghdad, killing one child and injuring three others, the U.S. military said Wednesday. 
 In a sign of possible discord in the jury room, the judge in Scott Peterson's murder case lectured the panel about the importance of deliberating with an open mind. 
 Swollen trade deficits eventually could threaten the economy by souring foreign appetites to invest in the United States, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned. The dollar, already sliding, took another nosedive after his remarks. 
 Many Iraqis shrugged their shoulders Wednesday with news that President George W. Bush had won re-election. They hadn't expected American policy toward their country to change much, no matter who won. 
 Two U.S. soldiers were wounded when their patrol was hit by a roadside bomb north of Baghdad Friday, the U.S. military said. 
 President Gen. Pervez Musharraf and U.S. President George W. Bush promised to strengthen relations between their countries in a telephone conversation, a state-run news agency reported. 
 Australia will open its 2005 rugby season against Samoa in Sydney on June 11 and has included a one-off test against Japan in Tokyo in September. 
 A lesbian couple who wed in Canada can seek to have their union legally recognized in Ireland, a judge ruled Tuesday in a case he predicted would have deep consequences for this predominantly Catholic country. 
 Angelo Que of the Philippines shot a six-under-par 66 on Friday to lead the pack after the second round of the inaugural Vietnam Masters. 
 Angelo Que of the Philippines shot a 2-under-par 70 on Sunday to win the inaugural Vietnam Masters by two strokes. 
 Tokyo stocks slipped Wednesday morning after a jump in wholesale prices triggered a decline by Wall Street shares overnight. The U.S. dollar was lower against the Japanese yen. 
 Peaches Geldof, daughter of musician Bob Geldof and television presenter Paula Yates, will make her television debut presenting a teen documentary, a British production company said Friday. 
 Lance Armstrong gave strong indication Saturday that he will not take part in the next Tour de France, saying in a newspaper interview that he'd like to concentrate on different races. 
 Eastman Kodak Co. is nipping at Sony Corp.'s heels in the ballooning U.S. digital camera market. 
 Six men accused of aiding al-Qaida and fighting for the Taliban, including one accused of being a personal courier for Osama bin Laden, refused to appear before a U.S. military review panel at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, an official said Friday. 
 A bus plunged off a cliff in southern China, killing 13 people and injuring five others, the government said. 
 A Marxist rebel who escaped from the fortified Attorney General's office said in a note found in his cell that he feared other jailed guerrillas would try to kill him if he remained in custody, officials said Wednesday. 
 A car bomb exploded Sunday near the home of Iraq's finance minister, killing one of his guards, officials said. The minister, Adil Abdel-Mahdi, was safe, a political associate said. 
 A moderate Republican senator gained ground toward winning the Senate Judiciary Committee chairmanship, which was thrown into doubt after he said judges who oppose abortion rights would face confirmation problems. 
 The Russian government announced Friday that the heart of the Yukos oil empire will go on the auction block next month at a knockdown price to pay back a mounting multibillion-dollar tax bill _ a dramatic endgame to a relentless 18-month official probe that could destroy Russia's largest oil producer. 
 Records from pricey retailers including Bergdorf Goodman and Nordstrom were among hundreds of pages of documents seized by investigators in Michael Jackson's child molestation case, according to court records. 
 As Yasser Arafat was being buried at his West Bank compound Friday, his Jordanian physician said the still-unclear reasons for the Palestinian leader's death required that an autopsy be performed. 
 The Palestinian parliament speaker was to be sworn in later Thursday as the temporary Palestinian Authority president, in place of Yasser Arafat, officials said. 
 Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu will train with his former club Dinamo Bucharest while he serves a seven-month ban for using cocaine, the club said Monday. 
 Australian snooker great Eddie Charlton died in a New Zealand hospital Monday after a short illness, his New Zealand managers said. He was 75. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush reiterated his opposition to independence for Taiwan in a meeting with Chinese President Hu Jintao. 
 A crowd of people angry about recent kidnappings at a local school cornered federal agents taking photos of students leaving the building and burned the officers alive Tuesday in Mexico City's southeastern outskirts, the latest example of mob justice in a country beset by corrupt police and high crimes rates. 
 Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada won election as Senate Democratic leader on Tuesday, taking over a party with fewer seats than at any time since the Great Depression more than 70 years ago. 
 Archaeologists have found remnants of an Iron Age hut at a building site on the outskirts of Prague, a newspaper reported Wednesday. 
 Scotland coach Matt Williams drafted five players and Japan named a largely inexperienced lineup for their rugby union test at Perth on Saturday. 
 Justin Leonard and Steve Flesch combined for a 9-under 63 and a one-stroke lead over Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman after the first round of the Franklin Templeton Shootout on Friday. 
 Manchester City defender Ben Thatcher has been ruled out for three months following complications to his ankle surgery. 
 World leaders urged George W. Bush Thursday to work closely with America's allies on issues like terrorism and the environment in his second term, while critics of the president worried re-election would embolden him to pursue conservative policies more aggressively than ever. 
 Police on Monday discovered the body of a young Iraqi woman hacked to bits and wrapped in a carpet inside an Athens apartment. 
 British troops are on standby to go to the Ivory Coast if they are needed to rescue British nationals from the country's violence, the government said Wednesday. 
 A jury was selected Monday in the first trial stemming from the nation's deadliest human smuggling attempt _ a May 2003 journey that ended in the deaths of 19 illegal immigrants in a stifling trailer. 
 The U.N atomic watchdog has discovered plutonium particles near an Egyptian nuclear facility and is trying to determine if they are evidence of a secret weapons program or simply the byproduct of peaceful research, diplomats said Friday. 
 The government asked a federal judge Friday to reject requests from lawyers for terrorism defendant Zacarias Moussaoui for further delays in bringing the case to trial. 
 A French investigating judge on Friday began legal action against six alleged members of a secretive Corsican group that has claimed responsibility for bomb attacks targeting north Africans on the Mediterranean island, judicial officials said. 
 About 150 people braved chilly weather Saturday to participate in a ceremony honoring the memory of Gypsies killed by the Nazis, state broadcaster ORF reported. 
 The British military wasted thousands of pounds (dollars, euros) buying back old military vehicles, upgrading them for Iraq duty, then selling them cheap again without using them in action, an auditor's report said Friday. 
 A stuffed pet owl, a comforting letter and _ inevitably _ a lantern: a series of seemingly ordinary items displayed in London Wednesday evoke the terrible casualties of Britain's 19th century war in the Crimea, and the woman who nursed them. 
 The Croatian Journalists Association said Thursday it will alert international human rights and media bodies over the case of a journalist who was questioned _ and reportedly intimidated and blackmailed _ by intelligence service agents. 
 A U.S. Embassy spokesman said Tuesday that an American, a Nepalese, a Filipino and an Iraqi remain hostages after a kidnapping raid Monday night in Baghdad. Two Iraqi guards have already been released. 
 Suspected Tamil Tiger rebels fatally shot an army intelligence officer and a Tamil civilian in Sri Lanka's volatile east on Thursday, police and military officials said, a day after unidentified gunmen reportedly killed a rebel in the area. 
 The head of the world's largest contract chip manufacturer said Thursday it will cost an estimated US$1 billion (euro 776 million) for his company to develop the latest chip production technology. 
 Czech legislators voted Friday to put government stamps on bottles of alcohol in an attempt to curb illicit production and distribution of liquor. 
 A television news anchor appeared on the air nude in a first-person report about an artist's photographs, drawing a record number of viewers for the time slot, the station said. 
 Former U.S. Open champion Corey Pavin said Wednesday he's playing for his caddie this week _ who also happens to be his wife _ at the inaugural Vietnam Masters. 
 A man who lived more than five months with an artificial heart has died of multiple organ failure, the heart manufacturer said Friday. 
 An Iraqi journalist who stayed in Fallujah to report on the battle for his hometown says he and hundreds of other civilians who eventually turned themselves in to escape the violence suffered tough, sometimes humiliating, treatment from American and Iraqi guards. 
 Amid calls for the resignation of Romania's soccer coach after a humiliating draw against Armenia, soccer federation boss Mircea Sandu said Thursday he also was considering alternatives to replace Anghel Iordanescu. 
 SBC Communications Inc. and Yahoo! Inc. are expanding their partnership in high-speed Internet access to make news, entertainment and other services available not just on computers but also on cell phones, televisions and other devices. 
 A British man campaigning for more rights for divorced or separated fathers was arrested Friday after he handcuffed himself to a government minister. 
 Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday hailed a European Union proposal to forge a strategic partnership with India, ahead of a summit meeting with European leaders in the Netherlands. 
 CBS News has fired the producer responsible for breaking into "CSI: NY" last week for a special report on Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death, a CBS executive said Monday, speaking on condition of anonymity. 
 Scientists produced the first simulated earthquakes designed to test how well common building materials and critical infrastructure such as power lines can withstand a quake's destructive forces. 
 A criminal court convicted the Al-Taleea weekly newspaper of libeling the head of a Gulf alliance and ordered it to pay a fine, said the attorney representing the secretary general of the Gulf Cooperation Council. 
 Mexican broadcaster TV Azteca said Tuesday that wireless phone company Unefon paid the company US$10 million (euro7.7 million) in cash to settle its loan support from Azteca dating back to 2001. 
 More than 70 U.S. soldiers from Iraq were flown Saturday to a military hospital in Germany, most of them wounded in the battle for Fallujah, officials said. 
 Suspected Islamic insurgents fatally shot a boxing instructor in southern Thailand on Friday, while village guards turned in government-issue shotguns for fear they might be seized by militants seeking the weapons. 
 Rhett, Scarlett, Mammy, Ashley, Prissy ... 
 Swedish telecom giant LM Ericsson said Friday it received a 2.55 billion kronor (euro284 million, US$370 million) extension of its frame agreement with 3G operator 3 to deliver equipment and services for wireless operations in the Nordic countries. 
 Paul Hoffman took five wickets for five runs to put Scotland in total control of Kenya, while Canada and the United Arab Emirates were finely poised in the Intercontinental Cup cricket semifinals on Thursday. 
 Czech President Vaclav Klaus said Tuesday that Czechs may not understand what's at stake in a possible referendum on the European Union constitution, making the exercise meaningless. 
 1. Vijay Singh, Fiji, 14.14 average points. 
 A Pakistani man accused of helping organize the smuggling of a boatload of illegal immigrants from Indonesia to Australia appeared in court Friday after his extradition from Thailand. 
 A Venezuelan man swiped a policeman's pistol and opened fire Friday at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, injuring a police officer and two security guards, officials said. 
 Visitors to the Clinton presidential library in Little Rock, Arkansas, should allow at least two hours for a visit, according to library director David Alsobrook. For their $7 (euro5) admission fee, they'll see: 
 China's Dutch-born coach Arie Haan heads home next week after standing down in the wake of his team's elimination from 2006 World Cup qualifying, state media reported Friday. 
 Turkmenistan's president has dismissed three senior police officers for abuses including immoral behavior, official newspapers said Friday. 
 Police detained four suspected radical Muslims on the day a Dutch filmmaker was murdered, Dutch television reported Wednesday. 
 Pakistan's acting president signed legislation Tuesday that will allow Gen. Pervez Musharraf to remain as both head of the state and army chief beyond Dec. 31, a senior Cabinet Minister said. 
 One of two 13-year-old girls accused of serving poisoned cake to classmates was allowed to go home Friday, but a judge ordered the other girl to remain in custody while she awaits trial. 
 A jury convicted a truck driver Monday of killing and decapitating a housekeeper nearly a dozen years after he was mistakenly freed in a rape case due to mislabeled evidence. 
 Oracle Corp.'s takeover tug-of-war with rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. intensified as two shareholders who own nearly 20 percent of PeopleSoft's stock indicated they are prepared to line up on opposite sides of the battle lines. 
 MetroStars midfielder Amado Guevara, who led the MetroStars to their second straight playoff appearance, was chosen Major League Soccer's player of the year. 
 A Shanghai shipyard has signed an order to build up to five giant container ships, the company said Wednesday, in a deal testifying to advances in China's shipbuilding capabilities. 
 Sweden's royal family may sue a German publishing house for nearly 40 million kronor (euro4.4 million, US$5.8 million) to stop what it has called malicious and false stories about them. 
 Ukraine's two presidential candidates lashed out at each other using prison slang, economic statistics and personal attacks in their first and only televised debate Monday, a much-anticipated meeting six days ahead of voting. 
 A French anti-nuclear protester was killed Sunday in eastern France when his leg was severed by a train carrying radioactive waste to Germany, officials said. 
 Ukrainians on Sunday were choosing between a Western-leaning reformer and the Kremlin-praised prime minister in a presidential runoff election that many fear will erupt into unrest and violence. 
 The European Union has asked the World Trade Organization to condemn U.S. antidumping duties that have hit a British steel firm, EU officials said Tuesday. 
 Prime Minister Goeran Persson said Thursday he wants to see an African country as a permanent member on the U.N. Security Council, but declined to say whether he would support Nigeria's push for such a seat. 
 China's bank regulators have approved the purchase of a 4.55 percent stake in China Minsheng Banking Corp. by a unit of the Singapore government's main investment arm, newspapers reported Monday. 
 More than a dozen insurgents attacked the Polish Embassy in Baghdad with machine guns Sunday, prompting embassy guards to return fire in an exchange that lasted for a half hour, a Foreign Ministry spokesman in Warsaw said. No one was reported killed or injured. 
 People who drop litter face instant 50-pound (US$92; euro72) fines under new police powers that come into effect in Britain on Monday, the Home Office said. 
 A 79-year-old woman was arrested at Fort Lauderdale International Airport when security screeners found an unloaded gun in her carry-on bag, sheriff's officials said. 
 The electrical failure of a communications satellite owned by Intelsat Ltd. could threaten the planned $3.1 billion (euro2.34 billion) sale of the pioneering satellite operator. 
 To Bill Clinton, the new presidential library jutting over the Arkansas River represents what he tried to do in the White House _ build bridges. To the average admirers who headed there Friday, the main attraction was the humor and humanity it displayed. 
 Caribbean leaders held a second day of talks Tuesday with no apparent breakthrough on the divisive question of whether to restore ties with Haiti frozen since the ouster of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide more than eight months ago. 
 Farm trade negotiators kicked off a week of meetings Monday to thrash out agreements on technical issues relating to cutting tariffs and farm subsidies as they try to lay some groundwork toward reaching a binding accord on trade liberalization by the end of 2005. 
 The largest U.S. defense contractor will take a $110 million (euro86.29 million) charge against its fourth quarter earnings after losing a court bid to salvage at least some of the money it pumped into a failed nuclear waste cleanup project in eastern Idaho. 
 Jordanian custom officers on Tuesday seized 430 Iraqi artifacts wrapped in toilet paper and hidden in a car coming from Iraq to Jordan. 
 U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage held talks with Pakistani officials Tuesday on counterterrorism, efforts to rebuild Afghanistan and Iraq, and Pakistan's relations with India, Foreign Ministry officials said. 
 The Nicaraguan Army continued to search on Saturday for two missing British and American tourists after a false sighting of the missing men on Friday. 
 Superheroes are typically loners, not family guys. 
 With its intelligent subject matter, "Kinsey" is giddy, even borderline orgasmic, with the possibility of discovery. 
 A small bomb exploded early Sunday in a southwestern city just hours before President Alvaro Uribe arrived to give a speech at a local university there, authorities said. 
 Goleo VI, a lion puppet designed by the Jim Henson Company that can dance and sing, was introduced Saturday as the mascot for the 2006 World Cup. 
 Heavy rains unleashed flooding and landslides in Trinidad and Tobago on Sunday, killing one person and causing widespread damage throughout the Caribbean country, authorities said. 
 The veteran intelligence analyst who served as acting CIA director during a wave of criticism of the agency this past summer announced his retirement. The move comes amid internal controversy in some quarters of the agency. 
 The president of the U.N. war crimes court was to meet Croatia's top government officials on the second day of his visit to the country which is still under pressure to arrest and extradite a top war crimes suspect. 
 Lawyers, election-rights activists and computer scientists fearing mayhem at the polls descended on Florida, Ohio and other key states Tuesday, vigilant for trouble with such contentious matters as provisional ballots and electronic voting machines. 
 A bomb on a minibus exploded Saturday on Indonesia's Sulawesi island, killing five people and raising tensions in a region where religious fighting killed nearly 1,000 people three years ago. 
 French President Jacques Chirac lashed out Sunday at the leadership of Ivory Coast, criticizing a "questionable regime" and a spate of anti-Western violence in the African county that could degenerate into "anarchy." 
 Satellite broadcaster British Sky Broadcasting Group PLC reported strong growth in subscribers Friday and a jump in revenue that exceeded analysts' expectations, underpinning a 3 percent rise in quarterly net profit. 
 Reading much of the same election results, television networks diverged early Wednesday in projecting a winner in the key state of Ohio _ an illustration of caution caused by blown calls of four years ago. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's government on Tuesday pledged new measures to combat crime and terrorism, as it unveiled what may be its last legislative program before national elections expected in May. 
 The defense ministers of Italy and Israel discussed bilateral cooperation, international terrorism and Middle East security during talks Thursday in Rome, the Italian ministry said. 
 Was that just the Chicago River washing as usual against the stone facade of the Lyric Opera House? Or had the massive building and the audience inside somehow been transported to the banks of the Nile in ancient Egypt? 
 Romania's main opposition leader pledged Wednesday to keep troops in Iraq under the U.S.-led coalition and advance his nation's bid to join the European Union by eradicating corruption if he wins presidential elections later this month. 
 Insurgents attacked a military base outside Baghdad Saturday, killing one coalition soldier, the U.S. military said. 
 Conservative opponents of Sen. Arlen Specter's bid to become Senate Judiciary Committee chairman are flooding Republican committee members with calls demanding he be passed over. 
 A French prosecutor asked Tuesday for a 20-month suspended prison sentence and a euro30,000 (US$38,100) fine for late President Francois Mitterrand's eldest son, on trial for alleged tax fraud. 
 El Paso Corp. shareholders ignored recommendations from two influential advisory firms to fire its outside auditor at the company's long-delayed annual meeting. 
 The mother of six of seven children killed in an apartment fire was charged Tuesday with involuntary manslaughter after investigators discovered she was visiting a neighbor at the time, a prosecutor said. 
 The Dalai Lama is considering a request from Buddhists in Russia's Kalmykia region to visit them later this month, a spokesman for the Tibetan exile government said Saturday. 
 The board of Gold Fields Ltd. urged shareholders Wednesday to reject a US$8.1 billion (euro6.36 billion) hostile takeover bid by South African gold producer Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd., saying the offer was too low and would destroy shareholder value. 
 A National Rugby League player fired by the Canberra Raiders for allegedly being the intended recipient of banned drugs posted to the club's headquarters will appeal the termination of his contract. 
 Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen on Saturday denied reports that Jacques Santini quit as manager because of a dispute over how the club was being run. 
 Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi flew to Rome on Wednesday for talks with Pope John Paul II, whom he referred to in an interview as "the figure who represents peace on a global level." 
 After going two games without a point, NHL star Peter Forsberg scored to help his hometown team Modo edge Linkoping 2-1 in the Swedish Elite League on Saturday. 
 American, Australian and British warships patrolled the approaches to this offshore terminal Wednesday as a Greek tanker filled up with Iraqi crude oil. 
 The former chairman of bankrupt food company Cirio will be questioned by prosecutors investigating the collapse of dairy giant Parmalat SpA, news reports said Tuesday. 
 A Pentagon spokesman said Monday that Red Cross officials have "made their view known" that the indefinite detention of terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, amounts to torture. 
 Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan has been chosen as president of the United Arab Emirates, the official Emirates news agency WAM reported. 
 Heroin production is booming in Afghanistan, undermining democracy and putting money in the coffers of terrorists, according to a U.N. report Thursday that called on U.S. and NATO-led forces get more involved in fighting drug traffickers. 
 Bill Cosby says the opinions he's expressed in his controversial prodding of fellow blacks are consistent with what he's done as an entertainer for more than 40 years. 
 The Premier League has charged Aston Villa manager David O'Leary with making an illegal approach for Southampton striker James Beattie. Villa said it will contest the charge. 
 The Irish Republican Army has agreed to allow Catholic and Protestant church officials to witness the outlawed group's next act of disarmament, officials in the British and Irish governments indicated Tuesday. 
 An underworld gang charged with assassinating a ranking Serbian police officer was acquitted of the murder charges on Thursday, though most were nonetheless jailed for firearms offenses. 
 An American man being tried for the alleged murder of an injured police officer who was shot in the head at close range while pleading for mercy told a court Monday that a friend carried out the killing. 
 A man angry with fathering no sons stabbed four of his seven daughters to death as they slept and seriously wounded the other three in southern Egypt on Monday, police said. 
 The nation's first Election Day votes were cast and counted just after midnight Tuesday in this mountain hamlet, with President George W. Bush and John Kerry each receiving 15 votes. Ralph Nader received one. 
 International terrorists and crime syndicates appear to be using Canada to launder dirty money at a sharply rising rate, according to a federal report released Thursday. 
 Clifford Etienne, a late substitute for the injured Riddick Bowe, defeated Kenny Craven on Saturday when Craven was unable to continue in the second round because of a cut over his left eye. 
 Janez Jansa, whose center-right party won elections last month, became Slovenia's new prime minister on Tuesday. 
 Central Africa's top producers of diamonds _ and one neighbor accused of smuggling them _ signed a pact Tuesday pledging crackdowns on the cross-border black-market diamond trade. 
 Outsourcing may have been a hot U.S. political issue for a time, but Indian business leaders said Wednesday that the presidential election showed Americans never equated it with U.S. job losses _ and that the practice will continue no matter who wins. 
 Georgia and the breakaway region of South Ossetia set a Nov. 20 deadline to withdraw troops and other armed groups from their border zone in an effort to reduce simmering tensions, the Russian Foreign Ministry announced Saturday. 
 U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday that President George W. Bush will place a high priority in his second term on granting legal status to millions of migrants who live illegally in the United States. 
 Health secretaries from 55 countries will gather in Mexico's capital next week with the central aim of determining how best to distribute existing medical knowledge and technology to the poor and forgotten corners of the world that need it most. 
 Cingular, the US-based corporation that acquired AT&T Wireless last month, announced Tuesday it would expand operations into eight Caribbean islands next year. 
 Jussi Jokinen scored three goals to lead Finland past archrival Sweden 5-2 and win the Karjala Tournament for the seventh straight year on Sunday. 
 Some facts on Firefox: 
 Former Costa Rican President Rafael Angel Calderon, ordered to spend nine months behind bars while officials investigate corruption allegations against him, was in the hospital Friday with heart problems, medical officials said. 
 Britain's two largest international bookmakers said bets on the U.S. presidential election continued to pour in Monday night, with George W. Bush favored to beat John Kerry. 
 A contrite Governor James E. McGreevey delivered a farewell address Monday in which he said he does not apologize "for being a gay American but rather for having let personal feelings impact my decision-making." 
 Discus thrower Robert Fazekas was banned for one year for doping by the Hungarian Athletics Federation on Wednesday, but dismissed similar charges against hammer thrower Adrian Annus. 
 Dutch prosecutors said police have arrested eight more suspected Islamic radicals as part of ongoing investigations into the brutal killing of outspoken Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh. 
 A lawyer said Monday he has asked for the lifting of diplomatic immunity from U.N. refugee chief Ruud Lubbers so one of the former Dutch prime minister's employees can file a lawsuit against him for sexual harassment. 
 Dutch baby and clinical food producer Royal Numico NV said Thursday it swung to a net profit of euro44 million (US$56.4 million) in the third quarter from a loss of euro457 million (US$523.3 million) a year earlier. 
 Residents angry that an Air National Guard F-16 strafed an intermediate school last week castigated the military, demanding it cease live-fire operations at a nearby target range. 
 A suicide car bomber attempted to kill the police chief of Hillah by ramming his car into Gen. Qais Abdullah's vehicle, police said Sunday. 
 Thousands of American, Afghan and Pakistani soldiers are hunting for Osama bin Laden and "sooner or later we will get him," a visiting senior U.S. envoy said Tuesday during a visit to this key ally in the U.S.-led war on terror. 
 A survey showed Friday that many Indonesians support the implementation of strict Islamic law, with nearly 60 percent saying they want adulterers to be whipped and 40 percent backing cutting off a thief's hand. 
 A state appeals court overturned Friday a $8.2 million (euro6.3 million) verdict against the automaking giant General Motors Corp. awarded to a paralyzed man who claimed his seat belt failed during a traffic accident. 
 The price of crude stayed put in Asia on Friday as traders took stock of falling U.S. distillate supplies and a stepped-up offensive in the criminal probe of Russian oil giant OAO Yukos that threatens to shut down the company. 
 The presidential race of 2004 lumbered into history as the longest and the most expensive, a wartime election promising a nail-biter of a finish and a bitter residue of political division and polarization. 
 A man sentenced to life in prison for a fatal shooting at age 13 asked the state's high court for a new trial Tuesday, saying he was too young to be found competent for trial. 
 The government fired a Spanish police chief Tuesday for taking nearly a month to send a cassette tape with potential evidence about the Madrid railway bombings to the judge probing the attack. 
 General Electric employee Nadine Meslin says dealing with computer software in any language is tricky, but it's even worse when you're French and the jargon is in English. 
 Calling the accidental strafing of a school by a fighter jet "totally incomprehensible," Sen. Frank Lautenberg called on the Air National Guard to halt all training flights over New Jersey until an investigation is complete. 
 Boca Juniors has named an interim replacement for Coach Miguel Brindisi after he quit Sunday following his team's loss to archrival River Plate in Argentina's first-division race. 
 The European Parliament was expected to endorse the 24-member European Union executive on Thursday after new European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso moved to solve the legislature's objections to his lineup. 
 The good news for rugby is that there appears to be little to choose between the world's powerhouse nations with any of top seven teams seemingly capable of beating each other. 
 Ruling party presidential candidate Hifikepunye Pohamba took a large early lead Thursday in partial returns trickling in from Namibia's general election. 
 Celebrating an Albanian national holiday on Sunday, ethnic Albanians living in southern Serbia demanded more authority for their restive community and raised an Albanian flag in front of a local city hall. 
 Mexico's former ruling party was fighting its way back to the presidency Monday, overwhelmingly winning two gubernatorial races and holding razor-thin leads in two others. 
 President Hamid Karzai said fighting the booming opium trade is a top priority, following a U.N. report warning that Afghanistan risks becoming a "nacro-state." But he rejected a U.S. proposal to spray poppies with herbicides, citing health risks. 
 Police in Belfast announced Wednesday they are mounting extra patrols to deter Irish Republican Army dissidents, who have planted several firebombs in department stores and other downtown shops. 
 The 50 nominees for France Football magazine's prestigious "Golden Ball" award for European player of the year (in alphabetical order): 
 Police closed a stretch of a key Austrian highway linking Germany and Italy on Saturday as trucking companies staged a blockade to protest high taxes and highway fees. 
 The treason trial of a television talk show host began Tuesday with a judge overruling a prosecution attempt to delay the opening on a technicality. 
 Two Dutch terrorism suspects arrested earlier this month after a daylong standoff with police are accused of having planned an attack on Amsterdam's mayor Job Cohen and other political figures, their lawyer said Wednesday. 
 R&B sensation Usher won all his show-leading four nominations at the American Music Awards on Sunday, and rap funksters OutKast went three-for-three during a performance-studded, occasionally censored broadcast ceremony. 
 Former Deputy Prime Minster Anwar Ibrahim on Friday visited his traditional power base in northern Malaysia for the first time in more than six years, in a test of whether he still commands strong support after being freed from prison. 
 Armenia's top prosecutor closed the criminal investigation into the 1999 shooting attack on parliament that killed this ex-Soviet republic's prime minister and seven other people, a decision that some politicians criticized Thursday as premature. 
 An Mi-8 helicopter went missing in the Russian Far East early Monday, but all seven people on board survived an emergency landing and were picked up by rescuers and hospitalized, officials said. 
 Prince Charles hosted a charity premier of the film "The Merchant of Venice," in central London on Monday night and praised Al Pacino, its star and the prince's friend. 
 Indonesia's top security minister called on rebels in Aceh province Tuesday to disarm and "rejoin the nation," but did not say whether fighters who surrendered would be given an amnesty, nor whether fresh peace talks were planned. 
 Albanian Prime Minister Fatos Nano left the country Tuesday to visit Germany where he will meet with Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder. 
 India's leader said Friday his country's commitment to resolving the Kashmir dispute depended on whether Pakistan stops suspected Islamic insurgents from using its territory to launch attacks against India, a news report said. 
 Dozens of human rights activists protested Thursday outside the U.S. Embassy against the treatment of prisoners captured in the war on terror. 
 Three months after Alexandra Scott died of cancer at age 8, her goal of raising $1 million (euro770,000) for cancer research this year by selling lemonade has been surpassed. 
 The Dominica High Court has ruled the government has a right to cut the wages of government workers if it serves the public interest. 
 A large explosion boomed across central Baghdad Sunday and a pall of smoke rose from the direction of the Green Zone which houses the U.S. and Iraqi leadership. 
 Gunmen on Tuesday fatally shot a provincial council member in central Iraq as he was breaking his fast in a restaurant, police and hospital officials said. 
 The four skiers emerged from vehicles at the side of a highway high in the Rockies and headed up a steep, tree-covered slope into the wilderness. 
 Prime Minister John Howard came under fire Monday after publicly supporting U.S. President George W. Bush for re-election, with the Democrats calling his endorsement "inappropriate." 
 Luis Figo says he wants to meet with Real Madrid chiefs next month and find out whether he has a long-term future at the club. 
 Scotland rugby coach Matt Williams has named lock Scott MacLeod and flanker Scott Gray to make their debut for the club on Saturday in a test against Australia. 
 The prospect of a tight race for the presidency _ and a repeat of the 2000 court battle _ prompted a late selloff on Wall Street on Tuesday, with stocks finishing the session mixed despite a fresh drop in oil prices. 
 The Securities Regulation Panel ruled Monday in favor of Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. in the first of a series of legal and regulatory challenges to its hostile US$7.1 billion (euro5.5 billion) takeover bid for rival South African mining company Gold Fields Ltd. 
 The European Union signed a "strategic partnership" with India on Monday to tighten economic and political ties with a burgeoning economy that Europeans have come to regard as important to regional stability. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.10 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 5 p.m. (0800 GMT) Friday, down 0.83 yen from late Thursday. 
 A woman was stabbed to death by an intruder as officers waited for her to unlock a gate so they could search her yard, police said. 
 China and New Zealand will move toward signing a free trade agreement after the two nations successfully concluded a feasibility study on such an accord, a senior Chinese official said. 
 Rapper Eminem made his voice heard for the first time at the ballot box. 
 England claimed a crushing five-wicket victory over Sri Lanka on Sunday to win the Hong Kong International Cricket Sixes tournament for the second successive year. 
 A man unhappy with the food service on the train was sentenced to nearly four years in prison for making calls from his cell phone saying there was a bomb on board. 
 A longtime pastor charged with embezzling $500,000 (euro389,000) in parish funds allegedly spent the money on vacations, cars and gifts to friends, including a church worker who was given a BMW and whose mortgage, taxes and utilities were paid. 
 Millwall player-manager Dennis Wise and assistant Ray Wilkins signed contract extensions Wednesday to keep them with the London club through next season. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu forced out Kotonowaka on Sunday to remain unbeaten and in sole possession of the lead after the eighth day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush's re-election is a strong reaffirmation of his leadership in the global war on terror, Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday. 
 Syneron Medical Ltd. stock fell Tuesday after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration delayed approval of the medical device maker's cellulite product. 
 Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko dismissed his administration chief Monday and replaced him with a longtime associate who was implicated by a European rights group in disappearances of opposition figures five years ago. 
 India's spin bowlers rocked the South African top order and pace bowler Makhaya Ntini claimed three quick wickets Wednesday before the series opener meandered to a tame draw. 
 Despite its white sand beaches, coral reefs and historic sites including centuries-old sugar mills, St. Croix has been bypassed recently by most tourists cruising the Caribbean. 
 Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo of France shook off a slow start and beat Russia's Vera Zvonareva 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 to successfully defend her Advanta Championships title for her fifth tournament victory of 2004. 
 The first U.S. cases of the fungus soybean rust, which hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in Louisiana, officials said Wednesday. 
 England's cricket tour to Zimbabwe was on the brink of being called off on Wednesday when the team canceled its flight to Harare just two days before the first game. 
 The World Bank is ready to fund development projects in Kashmir if that helps bring peace to the insurgency-wracked region, President James D. Wolfensohn said as he pledged US$9 billion (euro6.91 billion) in aid to India over the next three years. 
 In a defeat for President George W. Bush, rebellious House Republicans derailed legislation to overhaul the nation's intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept. 11 commission. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labour Party maintains a healthy lead over the opposition, six months before national elections widely expected in May, a poll released Saturday suggests. 
 Three alleged members of a radical Dutch Islamic group were arrested in June and deported to the Netherlands because police feared they were planning an attack on then-Prime Minister Jose Barroso, a former top Portuguese police official said in comments published Monday. 
 The head of France's armed forces, Gen. Henri Bentegeat, said Friday that French soldiers in Ivory Coast had been forced to open fire in self-defense to hold back a "pack of looters, rapists" attacking foreigners. 
 A court sentenced Congolese pop star Papa Wemba on Tuesday to 30 months in prison, most of it suspended, for his involvement with an illegal immigration network. 
 Looking back, Braulio Gonzalez says, the man who drove up and offered him $10 (euro7.6) an hour to break up a concrete driveway did seem suspicious. The man's truck didn't have license plates and he wouldn't say where the job was, telling the day laborer to follow in his car. 
 Three recent close calls involving commercial aircraft illustrate the need for systems that can quickly warn pilots about dangers on runways, federal safety officials said Tuesday. 
 Saudi authorities have identified a militant killed in western Saudi Arabia as a wanted terrorist who was among plotters of a housing compound attack last year that killed 17 people, the official Saudi Press Agency reported Sunday. 
 A passenger plane carrying 53 people crashed Sunday in a lake in northern China immediately after takeoff, killing all aboard, the government said. 
 Finland and Bulgaria on Tuesday welcomed the possible opening of EU accession talks for Turkey, but stressed that the country must meet all membership requirements before being accepted into the 25-member bloc. 
 Chester City manager Ian Rush on Tuesday dropped out of the running to replace Mark Hughes as coach of Wales' national soccer team and effectively cleared the way for John Toshack to take the job. 
 The Presbyterian Church (USA) has stepped up security at its headquarters and advised its churches to be on alert after receiving a letter threatening arson attacks because of its policies in the Middle East. 
 Denmark coach Morten Olsen can't understand why Thomas Helveg, one of Europe's most experienced defenders, can't get a start for Norwich, the last place team in the Premier League which is yet to win a game. 
 Thousands of commuters were stranded Saturday as private bus operators and transport workers went on a daylong strike to protest alleged police harassment and a government plan to ban old vehicles from the capital, officials and residents said. 
 A lawmaker and detective who wanted to go to Iraq to try to liberate a Polish-born hostage agreed to abandon his plans after authorities warned he could sabotage official efforts win the woman's release, a government spokeswoman said Friday. 
 Dutch authorities rounded up 38 suspected members of a Kurdish rebel group in nationwide raids Friday, including "trainees" allegedly being prepared at a rural campground for terrorist attacks in Turkey, officials said Friday. 
 The U.S. dollar was mixed against other major currencies in European trading Tuesday. Gold prices fell. 
 2004 _ Bobby Cox, Atlanta 
 Wall Street celebrated President George W. Bush's re-election with a solid rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed continuity in Washington and shrugged off higher oil prices. 
 The veteran intelligence analyst who served as acting CIA director during a wave of criticism of the agency this past summer announced his retirement. The move comes amid internal controversy in some quarters of the agency. 
 On the eve of a visit by Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, the European Union set out details Thursday of a euro31.5 million (US$40.3 million) aid package to support elections scheduled in Iraq next January. 
 Volkswagen AG and Germany's biggest industrial union ended pay negotiations after nine hours Monday with no agreement, but said they would meet Tuesday morning to pick up discussions _ even as the union promised more warning strikes underlining their demand for wage increases and job guarantees. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $434.00 per troy ounce Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $435.70 late Tuesday. 
 Global tourism is on the rebound as world travelers gain confidence from a long-awaited economic recovery and downgrade their fears over international terrorism and health scares, according to a report by a tourism industry group. 
 The West African nation of Mauritania denied torture allegations Monday after Al-Jazeera television aired photos of bound, bedraggled prisoners allegedly jailed here. 
 The Caribbean island of St. Lucia has set a new homicide record with the death of a teenager over the weekend, police said Monday. 
 Police retrieved the bodies of four forest workers Tuesday from the icy waters of a river in southwestern Bulgaria two days after their truck had disappeared in the severe storm. 
 A nuclear reactor at a power plant in western Ukraine has been shut down due to an oil leak from one of its generators, but there has been no increase in radiation levels, officials said Friday. 
 Egypt's Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit said Saturday he would travel to Israel on Nov. 24, making his first visit since he took office and one he has postponed several times. 
 Sports crazy Finns were shocked when six of their top cross-country skiers tested positive for banned substances in 2001 at the World Nordic Ski Championships in Finland. 
 A U.S. federal court ruled Monday that Osama bin Laden's driver was entitled to a hearing on whether he is a prisoner of war _ a landmark opinion that could prevent military trials of alleged enemy combatants held at Guantanamo Bay. 
 Australia's decision to replace an elected board representing Aborigines with a government-appointed panel is a major set back in efforts to improve the lives of the country's indigenous people, the outgoing body's chairman said Monday. 
 Maoist rebels on Saturday rejected the latest offer and deadline set by the Nepalese government for peace talks, saying they would only agree for negotiations in the presence of international mediators. 
 Israeli undercover forces shot and killed four Palestinians on Sunday in the West Bank town of Jenin, Palestinians said. 
 A look at areas where militants have used beheadings as a terror tactic. 
 Former star technology banker Frank Quattrone, convicted on criminal charges of obstructing justice, has been barred from the securities industry for life by regulators for allegedly failing to cooperate in an investigation of his activities. 
 Leaders of China and New Zealand are set to approve the start of talks on a free trade agreement when they meet at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Chile later this month, a senior official said Tuesday. 
 Ivory Coast launched a military inquiry Friday into a deadly airstrike on French peacekeepers that sparked five days of violent upheaval, as France and other nations continued to evacuate their nationals from the war-divided West African nation. 
 The mainstream Fatah Party won student elections at the West Bank's largest university on Monday for the first time in eight years, and analysts said the result bodes well for party leader Mahmoud Abbas in the Palestinian presidential elections on Jan. 9. 
 Canadian federal and provincial governments have a legal but limited duty to consult native Indians about the use of land ensnared in unproven claims, the country's Supreme Court ruled on Thursday. 
 King Letsie III reshuffled his Cabinet on Thursday, naming a new foreign minister. 
 A court prohibited the former mayor of Caracas, Alfredo Pena, who has been accused of corruption, from leaving Venezuela, the Attorney General's Office announced Monday. 
 Heidi Kuhn tasted the fruits of her labors in September when she visited Croatia and sampled the first harvest from a vineyard that used to be a minefield. 
 Money-losing French newspaper Le Monde declined to comment Tuesday on a report that it is seeking a European partner to acquire up to a quarter of the respected daily. 
 Many in Southeast Asia say Australia is too Western to join the region's core club of nations. But Canberra has been given a guest pass for the region's annual conference this week, and the promise of free trade talks soon. 
 It will be mostly sunny and dry day across the northern third of Africa on Sunday. 
 Deutsche Bank AG of Germany plans to sell its New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati and Chicago offices of Scudder Private Investment Counsel to Legg Mason Inc. for $55 million (euro42.45 million), plus payments of up to $26 million (euro20 million), the company said Monday. 
 The international media watchdog group Reporters Without Borders lauded officials from the Gulf coast state of Tabasco on Friday for opening an investigation into the assault on a journalist who had reported on alleged irregularities by government officials. 
 A former world champion runner from Kenya went on trial in Britain Monday on a charge of rape. 
 CBS News is still awaiting the conclusion of the independent investigation into its discredited "60 Minutes Wednesday" report on President George W. Bush's National Guard service, a network spokeswoman said Thursday. 
 Korean Air is the first airline granted permission by the federal government to carry electric stun guns aboard jetliners that fly within U.S. airspace. 
 An Indonesian boat captain has been jailed for three months for trying to smuggle some 40,000 reticulated python and monitor lizard skins into Singapore, local media reported Wednesday. 
 The contract that sent Babe Ruth from the Boston Red Sox to the New York Yankees failed to sell on an Internet auction site Tuesday. 
 The Hamburg Sea Devils on Wednesday became the fifth NFL Europe team to be based in Germany. 
 The U.S. dollar sank to a new low against the euro in European trading Wednesday, but later gained ground and finished broadly higher against other key currencies. Gold rose. 
 President George W. Bush nominated White House counsel Alberto Gonzales, who helped shape the administration's controversial legal strategy in the war on terror, to be attorney general. He would be the first Hispanic ever to serve as the nation's top law enforcement officer. 
 A Honduran congressman has been sentenced to sweep the streets of Tegucigalpa for two months for abusing a woman who bore his children out of wedlock, a judge announced Saturday. 
 There will be no chicken this winter for lions and tigers and bears in the Guangzhou Zoo. 
 FC Porto scored three second-half goals to beat visiting Sporting Lisbon 3-0 Monday and move into second place in the Portuguese league, one point behind leader Benfica after nine rounds. 
 A solar sail spacecraft designed to be propelled by the pressure of sunlight will be launched early next year, The Planetary Society said. 
 Town officials have restored a woman's business license weeks after accusing her of trying to sell a sex toy _ a vibrating yellow-ducky sponge _ at a flea market. 
 A Chechen man has been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the July slaying of Paul Klebnikov, the American editor of Forbes magazine's Russian edition, the Interfax news agency reported Friday. 
 Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov said Tuesday that Moscow could sell arms to Iraq, which bought billions of dollars of Soviet weapons under Saddam Hussein. 
 Ukraine's Supreme Court began its second day of hearings Tuesday on an opposition appeal against the bitterly disputed presidential runoff. 
 Malaysian carmaker Proton says two Volkswagen models it will assemble under a new deal will be sold in other Southeast Asian countries under the region's free trade area agreement. 
 Venezuela's biggest oil refinery caught fire, slightly injuring two workers and a firefighter before the blaze was brought under control, Venezuela's state oil company said Tuesday. 
 Czechs cast ballots Friday in a two-day runoff election for nearly a third of the seats in the upper house of parliament. 
 President Yoweri Museveni on Sunday ordered the army to suspend attacks on insurgents for a week in a part of northern Uganda to allow rebel leaders to gather there and discuss his offer to end a civil war that has forced more than 1.5 million people from their homes, a spokesman said. 
 Foreign Minister Miomir Zuzul on Saturday said Croatia supports neighboring Serbia and Montenegro's bid to join NATO's Partnership for Peace program, a key step toward membership in the alliance. 
 A majority of Danes would approve the new European Union constitution in a referendum, according to a poll released Wednesday. 
 A South Korean gorged for 24 days on fast food to warn his countrymen about its health consequences, mimicking the U.S. box office-hit documentary "Super Size Me" about the ill effects of a man's monthlong binge on McDonald's fare. 
 The U.N. envoy for Liberia on Monday put the death toll in a surprise burst of mob violence in Liberia's capital last week at 16, and U.N. forces gathered religious and ethnic leaders for urgent talks to restore goodwill. 
 In the wake of a massive fire that left one person dead and destroyed 150 homes, the government said Tuesday it would spend 30 million kroner (euro4 million, US$5.2 million) to improve the safety of stored fireworks ahead of end-of-the-year celebrations when sales are strongest. 
 A second sweeping election defeat this year for the Czech Republic's governing Social Democrats shows most people feel the government is leading the country in the wrong direction, President Vaclav Klaus said on Sunday. 
 A shootout in the Pacific coast state of Guerrero killed at least five people, including a 7-year-old boy, state prosecutors said Monday. 
 An Indonesian court on Tuesday threw out a US$107.6 million lawsuit filed by militant Islamic cleric Abu Bakar Bashir against Time magazine for a 2002 article linking him to terrorism. 
 An Iraqi militant group responsible for killing and kidnapping foreigners called in a Web site posting Monday for its fighters to attack government buildings, embassies, major hotels and other targets in retaliation for the U.S.-led attack on Fallujah. 
 When leaders of the 21 Pacific Rim economies gather for their group photograph on Sunday, they will don colorful, handmade Chilean ponchos. 
 At least 24 people, most of them children, have been infected with E. coli bacteria, and the outbreak might be connected to a petting zoo at last month's state fair, authorities said. 
 Amid renewed violence in Ivory Coast, Pope John Paul II on Sunday called for dialogue and peace in the former French colony. 
 History will judge Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat harshly because of his failure to embrace a proposed peace deal with Israel, Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday. 
 German automaker Volkswagen AG said Friday it will cut investment in auto operations by 6 percent over the next two years and reshuffle its management board as part of an overall reorganization process meant to trim costs. 
 Deniz Baykara and Stelian Carabas scored a goal each Saturday to lead host Xanthi over Halkidona 2-0 and into second place in the Greek first division. 
 Johhny Warren, who captained Australia in its only soccer World Cup finals appearance in 1974, died Saturday at the age of 61 from cancer. 
 After Yasser Arafat's chaotic burial, his bodyguards ringed the freshly dug grave for what was to be an orderly military salute. 
 Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo attempted to calm labor discontent Friday ahead of a planned general strike, saying he would order the reduction of kerosene prices. 
 Frank Lampard scored the winner with two minutes left as Chelsea beat Fulham 2-1 to reach the League Cup semifinals on Tuesday. 
 The price of crude vaulted above the US$52 mark Monday on news that a strike in Nigeria could affect output in the world's seventh-largest oil exporter, while traders looked for signs of how this week's U.S. presidential election would affect the market. 
 An 80-year-old veteran of World War II was killed Thursday morning when a van backed over him as he prepared to march in a Veterans Day parade. 
 A Sunni Muslim official asked interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi on Tuesday for a five-hour halt in the fighting in Fallujah to transport the injured out of the city. 
 Queen Beatrix visited with Dutch Moroccan youth in Amsterdam Friday, her first public appearance since the killing of filmmaker Theo Van Gogh. 
 India and neighboring Myanmar may launch a joint offensive against rebels who are fighting in India's northeast and have bases hidden just over the border in jungles in Myanmar, a senior police officer suggested Tuesday. 
 A prominent politician and journalist embroiled in a recent controversy over the death of a British hostage in Iraq has been fired from senior posts in the Conservative Party, the party said Saturday. 
 U.S. troops and Iraqi forces fought insurgents in pitched battles Monday that left at least 20 enemy fighters dead in central Iraq. One Iraqi policeman and seven civilians were also killed. 
 Peter Forsberg had two goals to lead Modo past defending champion HV71 3-1 Tuesday night in the Swedish Elite League. 
 Crude oil futures rose to within a quarter of $50 a barrel Monday after a gas leak shut down a North Sea oil production platform and as traders weighed concerns about heating oil supplies against the fact that temperatures have been mild in recent weeks. 
 The same type of sound waves that pulsate from sonar fish-finders and ultrasound fetal monitors can dramatically boost the power of anti-clotting medicine and help it dissolve brain blockages in stroke patients, a study suggests. 
 Police in western China beat one man to death during a rally attended by tens of thousands of people to protest the building of a massive dam that will force them from their homes, a newspaper and residents said Monday. 
 Frenchman Sebastien Loeb capped a championship-winning run with a record-equaling sixth victory of the season Sunday in the World Rally Championship event in Australia. 
 Gold opened at US$430.25 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, up US$4.10 an ounce from Thursday's close of US$426.15. 
 The Texas Board of Education approved new health textbooks for the state's high school and middle school students after the publishers agreed to change the wording to depict marriage as the union of a man and a woman. 
 An armored truck carrying money from a bank, hit a land mine in southeastern Turkey Thursday, injuring three bank employees, officials said. 
 More than 40 students went on a hunger strike in northeastern Ukraine on Sunday to protest the jailing of six election observers during last month's presidential vote, Ukrainian television reported. 
 The European Union's high court on Thursday upheld a lower court ruling outlawing Spanish regional tax breaks to a branch of Korean industrial giant Daewoo International Corp. and two Spanish companies. 
 Real Madrid came back from two goals down to salvage a 2-2 draw against Dynamo Kiev in their Champions League match Wednesday, leaving Group B wide open with two matches remaining. 
 Opener Virender Sehwag was an early casualty Wednesday as just 11 overs were bowled and India struggled to 22 for two on a rain-hit opening day of the fourth and final cricket test against Australia. 
 Higher passenger numbers helped Irish budget airline Ryanair increase earnings by 14.9 percent in the latest quarter despite rising fuel costs, the company said Tuesday. 
 An Australian group captain was lauded for heroism Sunday after taking the controls of a British army Lynx helicopter after the aircraft took fire over central Iraq. 
 Police fatally shot two suspected Islamic rebels during a gunfight early Monday in Thailand's mostly Muslim deep south, where surging violence has claimed at least 540 lives this year. 
 Standard & Poor's Ratings Services has lowered its ratings on transportation manufacturer Bombardier Inc. and its subsidiaries to "below investment grade," or junk status, following a similar move by Moody's earlier this month. 
 Tension persisted Saturday in Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia region, where the outgoing president accused the opposition candidate in last month's disputed presidential election of attempting a coup after his supporters occupied the government compound. 
 A look at some of the measures Arab nations have planned to fight terrorism in the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks: 
 Canada's biggest mining company, Noranda Inc., has ended exclusive talks with China Minmetals Corp., but the Chinese metals trader said Thursday it will persist with its acquisition bid. 
 Annika Sorenstam started her quest for a record fourth consecutive Mizuno Classic golf title with an eagle Friday and held a share of the lead after the first round of the US$1 million (euro 780,000) LPGA Tour event. 
 Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan on Wednesday accepted a charge of verbally abusing a referee following his side's 4-3 defeat to Newcastle. 
 Assailants poured gasoline over a Romanian immigrant and set the man on fire, severely burning the 41-year-old, Italian media reported Sunday. 
 Gen. Stanislaw Skalski, Poland's top fighter ace from World War II and a participant in the Battle of Britain, died Friday in a Warsaw military hospital, a military spokesman said. He was 89. 
 Turkey must recognize the Cypriot government as any other EU state before it can start accession negotiations for the European Union, the leaders of Cyprus and Greece said Friday. 
 In the days since he was elected to the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama has chatted by phone with President George W. Bush, had his picture in People magazine and appeared several times on national television. 
 Germany and the Netherlands drew 1-1 on Saturday and both advanced to the field hockey final of the Women's Champions Trophy. 
 A committee overseeing a review of the child protection plan adopted by Roman Catholic bishops has recommended preserving a ban on church work for clerics who molest young people, according to a document the panel has sent to all U.S. bishops. 
 The purported leader of Taliban-linked militants holding three U.N. hostages in Afghanistan said his group is split over whether to "get rid" of the captives, and planned a meeting Tuesday to decide their fate. 
 Militants threatening to kill three foreign U.N. workers abducted in Afghanistan said Monday they had split them up to thwart any rescue attempt, warning that a raid on their hideouts would end in bloodshed. 
 Several heavy explosions rocked central Baghdad Tuesday morning. 
 Sudan's Darfur region, already engulfed in a conflict that has forced 1.8 million people to flee their homes, now faces a new threat from drought which is drying up wells and could lead to widespread hunger next year, the top U.S. aid official says. 
 Relatives of 155 skiers and snowboarders who died when fire swept through a crowded alpine cable car marked the fourth anniversary of the disaster Thursday by dedicating a memorial to the victims. 
 The embattled chief executive of Ireland's governing body for soccer resigned Wednesday over mounting allegations of mismanagement. 
 If attorneys for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Spokane do not reach a settlement with dozens of alleged victims of clergy sex abuse, the diocese may be forced to declare bankruptcy, the bishop said. 
 China will selectively reduce spending to help trim its ballooning fiscal deficit, state media reported Monday, citing top economic officials. 
 Argentina recognized China as a market economy on Thursday, granting the Asian country a status it has been seeking worldwide to keep countries from imposing penalties on the dumping of Chinese exports. 
 Luxury toy store FAO Schwarz, forced into bankruptcy by competition from discount retailers, is returning to its image as an extravagant playland to attract customers when it reopens on Thursday _ Thanksgiving Day. 
 Hundreds of Danish firefighters on Thursday contained a huge blaze that broke out 24 hours earlier at a fireworks factory, killing one firefighter, injuring 17 other people and destroying at least 20 houses. 
 A Bahamas-flagged freighter that ran aground near a Baltic Sea island was leaking diesel oil into the water, a coast guard spokeswoman said Wednesday. 
 Condoleezza Rice, President George W. Bush's choice to be the next secretary of state, underwent surgery Friday to treat noncancerous growths in her uterus, a White House official said. 
 The incoming European Commission looks likely to secure parliamentary support in a key vote next week after the largest political group in the EU assembly suggested Friday it would back Jose Manuel Barroso's team unless there was "a disaster" in pre-vote hearings. 
 A U.S. drug safety adviser said Friday the government rescinded his invitation to participate in a February meeting on the risk of Vioxx and other arthritis drugs because he had already publicly expressed doubts about the medications. 
 Tokyo stocks rose 1 percent Friday as Wall Street's overnight rally buoyed Sony Corp., Honda Motor Co. and other blue-chip issues. The U.S. dollar was down against the Japanese yen. 
 The ex-wife of a Marine was sentenced Monday to nearly 11 years in prison for a bungled plot with her lover to kill him to collect life insurance money. 
 A federal judge has dismissed a libel suit brought against The New York Times by bioterrorism expert Steven Hatfill, who claimed the newspaper falsely insinuated he was responsible for the deadly anthrax attacks in 2001. 
 Brazil's stronger economy means the country might not renew its funding agreement with the International Monetary Fund, the central bank president said Monday. 
 A former player for the Oakland Raiders football team wanted for an alleged drive-by shooting at the home of entertainers Siegfried & Roy has been taken into custody, police said. 
 An Iraqi-born man arrested while trying to buy machine guns and hand grenades has been indicted on weapons charges, federal authorities said. 
 President George W. Bush, amid conflicting reports that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat had died, said Thursday, "God bless his soul." 
 Deportivo La Coruna striker Diego Tristan is expected to be sidelined for nearly a month with a thigh injury, the Spanish club said on its Web site Sunday. 
 Gold closed at US$434.05 an ounce on Wednesday in Hong Kong, up 70 cents an ounce from Tuesday's close of US$433.35. 
 Tougher controls on journalists and independent newspapers have been ratified by Parliament and sent to President Robert Mugabe to be signed into law, state radio reported Wednesday. 
 An army officer was badly injured by a land mine at a home in a restive Pakistani tribal region on Sunday, as troops continued a weapons search that has netted 1,700 kilograms (3,740 pounds) of explosives and large quantities of arms and ammunition, the army said. 
 Government forces in Central African Republic were preparing to send reinforcements to the north after unidentified gunmen attacked an army patrol, killing three soldiers and capturing 10 others, a military official said Tuesday. 
 Sweden will lay off 1,000 officers by next summer and no more would be hired as it scales back the historically neutral country's armed forces, the Defense Ministry said Wednesday. 
 Formula One team Jaguar will race next season after being taken over by drinks company Red Bull on Monday. 
 Hundreds of members of a yoga movement gathered Thursday in front of the headquarters of the country's main intelligence service to protest alleged abuses by authorities, who launched criminal investigations against members of the group. 
 The Supreme Court began prosecuting two former energy ministers Tuesday for alleged abuse of power in the first corruption case against government ministers in more than a decade. 
 The World Conservation Union on Wednesday elected a former South African Cabinet minister to be its president for the next four years. 
 The Colorado Rapids fired general manager Dan Counce, a week after dismissing head coach Tim Hankinson. 
 Thousands of people marched through Nigeria's biggest city in a show of support for an upcoming general strike against fuel price hikes _ a shutdown that union leaders warn will freeze the flow of oil from the world's seventh-biggest oil exporter. 
 Pakistan defeated India by six wickets Saturday in a one-off limited-over international at Calcutta's Eden Gardens. 
 An Australian man died after taking part in an American Indian-style sauna-like purification ceremony in the Outback desert, another man who was hospitalized after the ritual said on Thursday. 
 Stocks sagged Tuesday as sliding consumer confidence trumped the latest report on the U.S. gross domestic product, which grew at a faster pace than expected. Still, the major indexes ended November with their best monthly performance for the year. 
 Strikers Pierre-Alain Frau and Sidney Govou both scored second-half goals Saturday as unbeaten Lyon beat visiting Nantes 2-0 to stay at the top of the French first division. 
 Puerto Rico's delegate to the U.S. Congress claimed victory Wednesday in a close vote for governor that will prompt a recount while his party appeared to have lost control of the legislature to an opposing party supporting U.S. statehood for the island. 
 Electric power was expected to be restored by Friday afternoon to several thousand Madrid residents still affected by a major outage the day before. 
 A teenage Palestinian suicide bomber who killed himself and three Israelis in a Tel Aviv market had initially planned to attack the city's French Embassy, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's office said in a statement Tuesday. 
 Jurors still have work to do after convicting several former Wall Street bankers and a former Enron Corp. finance executive of conspiring to push through a sham deal. 
 The Republican Party posted thousands of people inside Ohio polling places to challenge voters' eligibility Tuesday after a dispute that went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court just hours before the balloting began. 
 Former world champion Michele Bartoli said he was retiring from professional cycling on Wednesday, one year before his contract with the Danish team CSC expires. 
 Barry Manilow is a little surprised to see tens of thousands of people singing along with him. 
 A German diplomat lauded Americans for the humane treatment of German soldiers captured during World War II and brought to the United States as prisoners of war. 
 Mexican President Vicente Fox said he will legally challenge the federal budget passed by opposition lawmakers, in a nationally televised address on Thursday. 
 The federal government unveiled a plan to tighten air cargo security by checking the backgrounds of workers who handle freight and restricting access to sections of airports used for loading and unloading cargo. 
 Norwegian envoys left Thursday for a key meeting with the reclusive Tamil Tiger chief to bring the rebels and Sri Lanka's government closer to resuming stalled peace talks aimed at ending a two-decade civil war. 
 West Indies cricket administrators and player representatives finished almost 18 hours of talks over a contract dispute on Friday without a resolution or public comment. 
 The governor of the Baghdad region, Ali al-Haidri expressed optimism Friday about the forthcoming elections in Iraq and called on supporters of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to lay down their weapons and vote. 
 The head of a parliamentary commission investigating the September hostage seizure at a school in southern Russia said there is evidence pointing to involvement by a foreign intelligence agency, the Interfax news agency reported Saturday. 
 Italian police seized 400 kilograms (880 pounds) of hashish and a stash of laundered money Friday in a garage during a crackdown on drug trafficking,police said. 
 Investigators require more time to find the cause of the January crash of a Flash Airlines jet that killed 148 people, mostly French tourists, the head of the inquiry said Thursday. 
 An Albanian court on Friday sentenced seven army soldiers and three civilian workers at an army base to prison for the sexual exploitation of a teenager. 
 It looks like Socrates' comeback at age 50 will be a short one _ no more than 20 minutes. 
 Suspicions that the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat stashed money in Swiss banks are apparently unfounded, Foreign Minister Micheline Calmy-Rey said Thursday. 
 The following dignitaries are expected at Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday, according to Palestinian and Egyptian planners and other officials. 
 Top-seeded Roger Federer overcame a second-set lapse and remained unbeaten in the ATP Masters Cup Championships with a victory Thursday over Carlos Moya. 
 Four U.S. helicopters were hit by groundfire from insurgents in two separate attacks near Fallujah, but their crews were able to return to base safely, the U.S. military said Saturday. 
 Oil futures seesawed around the US$47 mark Thursday as traders weighed continued declines in U.S. distillate stocks against a rise in crude supplies. 
 A federal judge has ordered the Boston Police Department to end a program that requires the hiring of one minority candidate for every white candidate 30 years after it was put in place, ruling that minority hiring goals have been met. 
 The three top executives at the American Stock Exchange received Wells notices from the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of an investigation into options trading and regulatory issues at the exchange, Amex confirmed Thursday. 
 Yielding to pressure from opposition parties, the government has agreed to consult immediately with Spain's highest court on whether the European Union constitution clashes with this country's own charter, officials said Wednesday. 
 Leaders of the six unions that make up Walt Disney World's largest union group were unable to find common ground at a meeting Monday and will present opposing recommendations to members when they vote on a contract later this week. 
 Judy Corman, the wife of best-selling author Avery Corman and the head publicist for Scholastic, Inc., which releases the Harry Potter novels in the United States, has died of cancer. She was 65. 
 "Mean Girls" star Lindsay Lohan and her boyfriend, Wilmer Valderrama, have ended their relationship. 
 Dutch police arrested seven suspected Islamic militants in raids across the country, heightening concerns that global terrorism is spreading to this normally peaceful corner of Europe. 
 Colombian President Alvaro Uribe late Monday authorized the extradition to the United States of drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, practically assuring the powerful trafficker will soon face American justice, the president's spokesman said. 
 Mexico's lower house of Congress has passed a revised version of next year's income bill, and plans to wrap up the spending portion of the 2005 budget early in the week. 
 Suspected Marxist rebels gunned down a state attorney in southern Colombia who had been prosecuting captured guerrilla commanders, police said Saturday. 
 Denmark's resurgent Thomas Bjorn joins Irish Ryder Cup hero Paul McGinley and Chinese ace Zhang Lianwei in this week's 2005 European PGA season opening China Open in Shanghai. 
 Authorities on Tuesday detained dozens of immigrants who crossed into the country illegally from neighboring Turkey. 
 Novelist Dan Brown, author of the multimillion-selling book "The Da Vinci Code," is sharing some of his wealth with his old high school: Phillips Exeter Academy. 
 Beside the teams, journalists and stadium personnel, the 82,000-capacity Stadio Olimpico was virtually empty. 
 More than 50 former Soviet dissidents who spent years in prisons and Siberian exile say Russia is in danger of slipping back into a police state under President Vladimir Putin and the former KGB colleagues he has brought to power. 
 Arsonists attempted to burn down two Dutch Protestant churches overnight in apparent retaliatory attacks for the bombing of a Muslim school a day earlier, police said Tuesday. 
 BOGOTA, Colombia _ Marxist rebels on Monday rejected a government proposal to hold face-to-face talks at a foreign embassy in Bogota aimed at swapping jailed rebels for hostages being held by the guerrillas, including three Americans. 
 A United States sled piloted by Todd Hays edged Russia by 1/100th of a second to capture the four-man bobsled race in the season's first World Cup on Sunday. 
 Al-Qaida-linked followers of Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi claimed responsibility for the suicide attack that killed three British soldiers south of Baghdad, according to a statement posted Friday on an Islamist Web site. 
 A pro-independence Chechen Web site that was shut down by the Lithuanian government and then removed from a Finnish server because of a posting that claimed responsibility for the school massacre in southern Russia began operating on a Swedish-owned server. 
 U.S. tanks and armored vehicles were seen moving Monday night toward northern Fallujah supported by artillery and aircraft, residents of the city said by telephone. 
 The Latvian Football Federation's Council of Coaches nominated Jurijs Andrejevs, head coach of Skonto Riga and an assistant coach for the national side, to replace Aleksandrs Starkovs as head coach of the Latvian national team on Monday. 
 "Charlie's Angels" star Cameron Diaz and her pop star boyfriend Justin Timberlake snatched away a photographer's camera when he and a partner surprised them outside a ritzy hotel. 
 Poland supported the United States in Iraq out of gratitude for its support in the past, the country's foreign minister said Thursday. 
 Political parties from the minority Tutsis said Monday they will temporarily back the interim constitution that came into force Monday, but the government must reopen talks on the disputed charter before a referendum later this month. 
 A senior Chinese official has warned opposition lawmakers against holding a referendum on full democracy in Hong Kong, saying they were "playing with fire," newspapers reported Tuesday. 
 President Thabo Mbeki met briefly with Ivorian opposition leaders Thursday to open peace talks on the crisis in the Ivory Coast. 
 International Monetary Fund Director Rodrigo Rato urged Mexico Monday to carry out structural reforms, saying such measures could boost the country's economic growth rate to as much as 6 percent annually. 
 Top-seeded Roger Federer of Switzerland won a record 13th straight final Sunday, beating Australian Lleyton Hewitt 6-3, 6-2 in the title match of the ATP Masters Cup. 
 Tri Nations champion South Africa edged Wales 38-36, Australia outplayed Scotland 31-14 and Italy overwhelmed Canada 51-6 on Saturday as the European series of rugby union internationals began with a feast of tries. 
 Automaker Volkswagen AG and Germany's biggest industrial union said Tuesday they have made some progress in difficult pay negotiations, but were cautious on prospects of a quick deal in talks that were marked by worker protests and threats of more serious measures to come. 
 A top Indian official has criticized Washington's reported decision to sell US$1 billion in weapons to Pakistan, saying it could cast a shadow on New Delhi's relations with the United States as well as with Islamabad, the foreign ministry said Friday. 
 Experts on Peru's Shining Path insurgency are concerned that the government is not fully prepared for the Friday's retrial of rebel leader Abimael Guzman in a civilian court and warn that missteps could lay the legal basis for hundreds of high-level guerrillas eventually being freed. 
 Relatives of 11 tribesmen killed in a mortar attack were given compensation Monday by a top Pakistani general who is leading the hunt for Islamic militants near the Afghan border. 
 Author Lily Tuck says she would be pleased to see any of the five National Book Awards fiction finalists receive the prize, a generous statement given that Tuck herself is among the nominees. 
 U.S. and Iraqi forces swept Thursday through an insurgent neighborhood in central Baghdad, arresting 104 suspected guerrillas, the Interior Ministry spokesman said. Nine of them were believed to have fled Fallujah. 
 A gas explosion tore through a two-story apartment building in the Azerbaijan capital early Saturday, trapping residents under the debris, emergency officials said. At least four people were killed. 
 Caribbean leaders are starting a two-day summit in Trinidad on Monday where leaders will discuss whether to renew ties with Haiti and set up a single regional trade market. 
 Spain on Tuesday sent a military plane to evacuate Spaniards wishing to leave the Ivory Coast, officials said. 
 Shares in pharmaceutical giants AstraZeneca PLC and GlaxoSmithKline PLC tumbled Friday after a U.S. safety official raised concerns over key drugs sold by the companies. 
 An orthodox Jew died Thursday after being shot in the head outside his home in Antwerp earlier in the day. Investigators said it was too early to tell if the killing was the first deadly attack in an upsurge of anti-Semitic violence against one of western Europe's most visible Jewish communities. 
 Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio arrived in Rome on Monday evening for a visit that includes talks with the country's top officials and Pope John Paul II. 
 Valencia midfielder David Albelda is expected to be out of action for a month after tearing muscle fibers in his right thigh during training, the club said Wednesday. 
 Inflation in Ireland rose last month to an annual 2.7 percent, largely because of the rising cost of fuel and school fees, the government's Central Statistics Office reported Thursday. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that time was running out for the Sudanese government to comply with international demands to end the violence in Darfur. 
 A 16-year-old Turkish soccer fan was stabbed to death Sunday during a fight between Besiktas fans at halftime of the team's match against Rizespor, reports said. 
 When University of Chicago archeologists excavated ancient Mesopotamian artifacts in Iraq 70 years ago, they left behind half of the thousands of objects they found. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's government on Tuesday outlines its legislative program for the coming year, with crime and security likely to be center stage as it keeps one eye on elections ahead, 
 Supporters of the opposition candidate for president of the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia on Friday seized the office of the outgoing president, the Interfax news agency reported. 
 Which Wayne Rooney will show up for Manchester United's game against Charlton on Saturday? 
 Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul pressed top European Union officials Wednesday for a decision to start EU membership talks at a crucial summit next month. 
 An appeals court on Friday upheld a prison sentence for a 32-year-old pastor who manipulated his former nanny into murdering his wife, convincing her to kill by sending her anonymous mobile phone text messages he said were from God. 
 Four Jordanian drivers have been kidnapped in Iraq and two others have come under gunfire from unknown assailants, government spokeswoman Asma Khader said Wednesday. 
 A parliamentary committee flatly contradicted President Robert Mugabe's claim of a bumper harvest Thursday and warned that serious food shortages may occur next year. 
 Japanese negotiators were in North Korea on Tuesday to discuss a dispute over Japanese citizens abducted by the communist nation's spies decades ago, as calls grow in Tokyo to use economic sanctions to push the talks forward. 
 A senior government minister on Friday urged President Askar Akayev to remain in office beyond 2005, signaling that his supporters might try to secure another term for him in violation of the constitution. 
 Former All Blacks winger Jonah Lomu said Wednesday that he plans to start playing rugby again next year after a lifesaving kidney transplant. 
 After a choppy trans-Atlantic journey, "The Producers" is ready to storm London. 
 A militant group threatening to kill three U.N. hostages said Thursday they were in talks with the Afghan government about the group's demand that Taliban prisoners be released. 
 A man was sentenced to 195 years in prison Thursday for sexually assaulting female mall workers and young children over several years in Wisconsin. 
 The U.S. military said Thursday that one hostage was found imprisoned in Fallujah. 
 Toby Keith didn't have to go to Nashville to become a country music superstar. Nashville came to Oklahoma. 
 Candy and gum maker Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. announced Monday it has agreed to buy a number of candy brands, including Life Savers and Altoids, from Kraft Foods for $1.48 billion (euro1.14 billion). 
 Iraq's two major Kurdish political parties are ready to take part in national elections on Jan. 30 as planned but would not object if "other political powers" want the vote postponed in other areas, a party Web site said Saturday. 
 An offshore earthquake with a magnitude of 7.2 shook much of New Zealand's South Island on Tuesday, but emergency services said they had no immediate reports of injury or significant damage. 
 A letter written by President Abraham Lincoln's assassin two months before the 1865 slaying sold at auction Sunday for a record $68,000 (euro52,227). 
 A dishwasher-sized spacecraft on Europe's first mission to the moon was set to enter lunar orbit, a key milestone in its 13-month trip into space, the European Space Agency said Monday. 
 Thousands of people marched through Nigeria's biggest city on Wednesday in a show of support for an upcoming general strike against fuel price hikes _ a shutdown that union leaders warn will freeze the flow of oil from the world's seventh-biggest oil exporter. 
 Capsules of Premier League games played Saturday: 
 French, German and British diplomats held a new round of talks with Iranian officials Friday in a bid to persuade Tehran to stop developing technologies that could be used to make nuclear weapons. 
 A man who slashed 25 children with a kitchen knife at a grade school in eastern China was executed Wednesday, the official Xinhua News Agency said. 
 The Colombian government has filed a lawsuit accusing Pernod Ricard and Diageo of illegally importing spirits via Colombian companies that launder drug money, both companies said Monday. 
 Former downhill world champion Hannes Trinkl was critically injured Tuesday in a logging accident in which police said he broke his legs. 
 A squatter "shack" that bulges like a tumor off the outside wall of a Mexico City museum is an experiment in living _ or an eyesore, a waste of money, an affront to the country's millions of real squatters, depending on whom you ask. 
 Assisted suicide advocate Jack Kevorkian lost a Supreme Court appeal on Monday in his bid to win freedom after five years in prison. 
 A suspected terrorist network believed responsible for the killing of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh had access to confidential secret service intelligence, the NRC Handelsblad newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 One of the world's ancient alphabets could flash on the screen of cell phones in the third most populous nation in Africa, easing communications for millions who can only read and write the Ethiopic script. 
 The United States would back a left-leaning government in Mexico as long as it was elected freely and fairly by Mexican citizens, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said, according to a Mexican newspaper report published Wednesday. 
 A passenger train speeding along a bad section of track derailed and overturned several times in a ravine before dawn Friday, killing at least 10 people and injuring 120, Philippine officials said. 
 The African Union said Sunday it will send South African President Thabo Mbeki to press Ivory Coast to find a political solution to end renewed fighting with rebels in the west and north. 
 U.S. troops have cut through the insurgent sanctuary of Fallujah like a hot knife through butter, but the true measure of success is more political than military: Once this battle is over, will the newly installed Iraqi authorities be able to keep the city under control? 
 Seven men from an outlawed Islamic militant group have been arrested in a city in northern Bangladesh, police said on Sunday. 
 Hungary's prime minister on Monday called on voters to reject two referendums to be held this weekend, on keeping health services in state hands and allowing ethnic Hungarians from neighboring countries also to acquire Hungarian citizenship. 
 Prime Minister Manmohan Singh headed Wednesday to India's portion of disputed Kashmir for the start of a partial troop withdrawal hailed by rival Pakistan as an important step toward easing tensions over the Himalayan region. 
 A competitor in a speedboat race died Saturday when his boat flipped in the water during the Bundy Thunder event, police said. 
 Former President Nelson Mandela on Friday urged South Africans to participate in a national HIV/AIDS survey that will help determine the prevalence of the disease in the country. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said he would consider granting an amnesty for alleged leaders of a short-lived 2002 coup, but would wait until investigations into the alleged roles played by government opponents in the failed putsch have concluded. 
 The immune cells of women under extreme mental stress age faster than those in women not facing such pressure, a new study reports. 
 The government on Tuesday upheld a ruling that Chinese bedroom furniture was being sold in the United States at unfairly low prices, but it scaled back the level of penalty tariffs. 
 The United States will help train 4,000 Georgian troops in anti-terror operations, Georgian Defense Minister Georgy Baramidze said Saturday, adding the aid came in response to Georgia's decision to increase its troop size in Iraq. 
 What ails Viktor Yushchenko? 
 As Congress and others lobby to create an independent board to review the safety of prescription drugs, a dozen states have been doing just that. 
 England test batsman Graham Thorpe on Sunday accused his bosses of bullying the players into going on a tour of Zimbabwe which could lead to violence on the streets of the ailing African country. 
 Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, was diagnosed with breast cancer the day her husband and Sen. John Kerry conceded the U.S. presidential race. 
 A fire destroyed an apartment building in the southern Russian region of Tuva early Wednesday, killing 18 people and injuring at least 18 others, an emergency official said. 
 Kyrgyzstan's intelligence agency on Wednesday warned the opposition and human rights activists against accusing it of kidnapping a prominent government critic and using his disappearance for political purposes. 
 Norway's King Harald and Queen Sonja received an official welcome to Vietnam on Monday during their first state visit to the communist country. 
 A U.S. soldier and bystander were injured when a car suspected of carrying explosives blew up inside a large shopping mall in eastern Kosovo, police and U.S. military said Wednesday. 
 Uncertain of how long he'll be able to play after having a kidney transplant, former NBA All-Star Alonzo Mourning has asked the New Jersey Nets about a contract buyout so he could go to a team with a better chance of winning. 
 The U.S. dollar slid to a new low Wednesday against the euro, which rose to US$1.3170 _ breaking a day-old record as jittery markets kept up pressure on the U.S. currency. 
 Myanmar plans to next year begin retrieving cultural treasures that have been buried under riverbeds for centuries, a local cultural journal reported Wednesday. 
 Lithe women traditionally have played Peter Pan, but Johnny Depp could slip on the tights and put in a convincing turn as the boy who won't grow up. 
 Faced with numerous injuries and suspensions, Romania coach Anghel Iordanescu has called up 16 home-based players for next week's Group 1 World Cup qualifier in Armenia. 
 President George W. Bush talked on the phone Tuesday with leaders in Sudan, pushing for progress in peace talks to find an end to a 21-year civil war in southern Sudan. 
 Although pregnancy in developing countries is becoming safer for both mothers and babies, the international community still has to make a huge effort to meet the U.N.'s aim of massively reducing maternal deaths, the global body's health agency said Monday. 
 A white opposition legislator jailed following a scuffle with government ministers has been moved to another prison in an apparent bid to harass his supporters, his wife said Saturday. 
 Greek Premier Costas Caramanlis will pay an official to visit to Egypt on Nov. 26-28, the government said Tuesday. 
 The daughter of former Democratic presidential hopeful Howard Dean and four other young women were taken to a hospital after their sport utility vehicle rolled over on a highway, state police said. 
 An Italian aid worker abducted in the southern Philippines was released unharmed early Wednesday after Muslim separatist rebels reportedly helped authorities corner his kidnappers. 
 Wang Junyao, who ran China's first private charter airline and built a business empire valued at US$300 million (euro 240 million), has died. He was 38. 
 A Greek-flagged freighter with a cargo of pig iron from Brazil ran aground in Lake Michigan's Green Bay, Coast Guard officials said. 
 Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim nation, warned Wednesday that the U.S.-led attack on the Iraqi city of Fallujah was alienating the country's Sunni minority. 
 Swede Jonas Bjorkman and Australian Todd Woodbridge beat defending champions Bob and Mike Bryan of the United States 6-3, 6-4 in a round-robin match of the ATP Masters Cup doubles championships Sunday. 
 Delta Air Lines Inc.'s board has approved using an exception to the New York Stock Exchange's shareowner approval policy in order for the carrier to give stock to employees and creditors in exchange for concessions meant to avoid a bankruptcy filing. 
 Donovan McNabb spun away from one would-be tackler and sprinted to his right, only to find another defender waiting. So he went back to his left, chased by two more players, and finally heaved the ball, letting loose a 60-yard pass that looked more like a punt. 
 The European Union's head office said Tuesday it wants to offer Japan a larger role in operating a planned multinational nuclear-fusion reactor in an effort to end the dispute over the planned facility's location. 
 Colombia's internal conflict took center stage Thursday in the second day of a Western Hemisphere security summit, with talk centered around Colombia's suggestion to create a multinational military force to combat guerrillas and drug traffickers. 
 A driver involved in the collision which killed multiple rally driving champion Possum Bourne avoided jail when he appeared in a New Zealand court Friday for sentencing on driving charges. 
 The World Trade Organization on Wednesday held off on approving stiff sanctions on U.S. exports ranging from cod to mobile homes intended to punish Washington for failing to repeal the so-called Byrd amendment. 
 The presidents of Argentina and South Korea signed trade accords Monday aimed at bolstering commercial ties that included a Korean offer of US$30 million (euro23 million) in credit _ the first in foreign funds since Argentina's 2001 debt default. 
 Yasser Arafat remained in stable condition, unchanged from the previous day, a hospital official said Friday. A spokeswoman for the Palestinian leader said he was in a coma. 
 A British company said Sunday it was releasing a video game recreating the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy. 
 A murder trial got under way for a man who confessed to 13 slayings in the early 1980s but received a sentence that will release him from prison in two years. 
 North Korea is likely to return to six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons development now that the U.S. election is over, South Korea's foreign minister said Thursday. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange fell 0.9 percent Friday. 
 For sale: One ex-wife's $250 million (euro194 million) divorce judgment. All the buyer has to do is find a way to collect from the Saudi royal family. 
 Slovene President Janez Drnovsek appointed conservative leader Janez Jansa on Wednesday as Prime Minister-designate of the tiny Alpine republic. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged to make a fresh push for stalled immigration reforms and defended the U.S. invasion of Iraq, saying that "history will prove it right." 
 Europe's top human rights official warned Thursday that governments around the world are continuing to use the fight against terror to overstep the boundaries of democracy. 
 Grace Park birdied the last three holes in a 6-under 66 Thursday that left her in a four-way tie after the first round of the LPGA Tournament of Champions. 
 As Christmas approaches, Mexican thoughts turn to nutty sweets and neighborhood celebrations, toy-bearing wise men _ and the Douglas fir twig weevil. 
 A new immigration security program that requires visitors to be fingerprinted and photographed at some U.S. land border crossings began Monday. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez arrived in this Caribbean city Tuesday for talks with his Colombian counterpart Alvaro Uribe aimed at curbing the flow of arms and drugs across their common border and setting up a joint energy project. 
 Three weeks after the general election, New Mexico's canvassing board officially declared President George W. Bush the winner by 5,988 votes, or less than 1 percentage point. 
 A man accused of taking orders to kill Afghanis who supported U.S. forces was among three prisoners who went before military review tribunals Tuesday in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, an official said. 
 An Australian euthanasia advocate dubbed "Dr. Death" said Tuesday he will hold a seminar to teach people how to make a deadly tablet to take their own lives. 
 Formula One driver Rubens Barrichelo won the Granja Viana 500 kart race Sunday, beating stars Juan Pablo Montoya, Gil de Ferran and Helio Castro Neves. 
 Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo on Saturday said he will await a ruling by the Inter-American Human Rights Court before deciding what to do about a New York woman serving a 20-year sentence in Peru for collaborating with Marxist guerillas. 
 Honduran authorities increased the security around President Ricardo Maduro on Wednesday, after learning of a plot by street gang members to kill him and key officials in his government, the nation's Security Minister said. 
 A fire at an electrical substation triggered blackouts Thursday in parts of Madrid, leaving about 80,000 people temporarily without power and snarling traffic and subway lines before the blaze was brought under control about three hours later. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush's election victory stirred reactions ranging from relief to outrage in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and fears over what four more years of the war on terror could mean for the Muslim world. 
 Robin Williams, a five-time Golden Globe winner, will receive the Cecil B. DeMille Award for career achievement at January's ceremony. 
 Israelis denied security clearances for employment can now ask for an explanation, a parliamentary subcommittee ruled Tuesday, but sidestepped the explosive issue of torture of prisoners during interrogation. 
 Ugandan security forces have arrested a senior Roman Catholic priest, accusing him of collaborating with northern rebels who are fighting an insurgency that has forced more than 1.5 million people from their homes, a church official said Tuesday. 
 Billionaire Warren Buffett's investment holding company Berkshire Hathaway Inc., reported a 37 percent decline in third quarter income Friday, citing a $816 million after-tax loss from hurricanes in the United States and the Caribbean. 
 Two of Europe's Ryder Cup stars _ Scotland's Colin Montgomerie and England's Lee Westwood _ will headline January's Caltex Masters golf tournament in Singapore, organizers said. 
